REP: Alexander Tran
BRANCH: Houston Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6116541836861440
DURATION_MIN: 15.0
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-08 20:16 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Alexander Tran', 'Mary Bennett']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Mary Bennett: Thank you for calling ein moving.
Alexander Tran: Hello, this is Alex with Einstein moving, how can I help?
Mary Bennett: Hi, I'm looking to get some pricing from you guys.
Alexander Tran: Sure. Yup. Were you looking for, for a move or did you also want to include like packing up of boxes as well?
Mary Bennett: Both options.
Alexander Tran: Okay, sure. Let me see did you have any particular restrictions around when the move needs to occur? Just so I can check availability on our schedule.
Mary Bennett: Yeah, so let's see.
Mary Bennett: Hold on I'm gonna, I need to look at the calendar, sorry, I think I'm looking closer to October 7th.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha.
Mary Bennett: But I could lead more to the weekend potentially if I can't swing the weekday but I think I can, so.
Alexander Tran: Okay, cool.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. Yeah, it looks like right now with you calling in advance. We still do have plenty of availability there for for the seventh if you did want to land on that particular day. But just for for, for your own information our rates it would be better on a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, but if you want me to build out the estimate I can walk you through the numbers for that Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday rate versus the full rate which would be on the weekends there. Cool so did, did you have your zip codes available for, for the starting and the ending address.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: Yes, yes, yes, I do want to ask you one more thing. If we did the, I would like for you to put me for like the seventh, the second, and the third possibly maybe for the, if we moved in on the weekend and if we don't move on the weekend, then it would be like the seventh eighth around then if that helps at all.
Alexander Tran: Sure.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay, gotcha. So either two or three or 78, right.
Mary Bennett: Yup.
Alexander Tran: Okay, me take a quick peek. Yeah, either or we right now we do currently have plenty availability but I'll walk you through the numbers for both, both sets of dates there.
Mary Bennett: Okay, cool. Perfect. Okay. So we are moving from 77091 zip code.
Alexander Tran: Okay, gotcha.
Mary Bennett: 277018 zip code.
Alexander Tran: 77018 like 18 did I hear that right?
Mary Bennett: Yup. 18, that's correct. I think we're all, I think we're like moving like a mile and a half away.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay, perfect.
Alexander Tran: Give me one second here, cause we do have like a free service one. But we do charge trip fees depending on what zone that you would land on. So let me just go ahead and crunch what zip codes you have there, and then see if that applies to you or not.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha. And then what would we be moving you out of, would, would it be like an apartment at house townhome?
Mary Bennett: It's a townhome. It's two bedroom or two floors. It's two floors. It's two bedrooms with a flex space.
Alexander Tran: Okay, and then do you know the square footage by any chance?
Alexander Tran: Okay, okay, mm-hmm.
Mary Bennett: And then, yeah, it's like a little over 1600 square feet.
Alexander Tran: Do you?
Alexander Tran: 1600 square feet. Gotcha. Anything in the garage area that would be coming with us.
Mary Bennett: Yup.
Mary Bennett: Yes.
Alexander Tran: Okay and then just so I can kind of context realize that right now for your garage are you able to fit two vehicles inside that garage, or is it being occupied by a lot of inventory right now?
Mary Bennett: It is, the so we only were a one car family so it's, we only have one car. But I would say.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Mary Bennett: That. Yeah, we got some, we got some stuff but it's not that much. We're not holders by any means. But I would say that what you're asking me I'm like, I like think about it I'm like majority of it, majority of it is trash can that the, that we're not going to be taking with us. So, and like a Christmas tree.
Alexander Tran: Okay, it sounds like you're probably leaning more towards like, probably more minimal there in the garage as far as the inventory goes, is that right? Okay.
Mary Bennett: Yeah, yeah, like do you know how like, you know how these garages have those like little, like listed landings basically like.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, mm-hmm.
Mary Bennett: I would say.
Mary Bennett: It's like that full and then we have some tubs, some tubs like holiday tubs that still over into the ground and then trash an and a cooler you know. So, no, we don't have a or anything like that.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha. Okay, and then for the new home, are we moving you into into another townhome a house, apartment, or a storage unit?
Mary Bennett: So this a B O1 story house.
Alexander Tran: One story house. Okay, good deal.
Alexander Tran: Okay, and then yeah, that's like ninety percent of what I would need there in order to start crunching the numbers there for you. The only thing that I do want to just make sure I'm being thorough about is if you have any, any furniture that's gonna be particularly fragile or particularly heavy outside of the usual suspects of like a couch, or like a bed that we consider to just be like standard furniture. Just wondering if you have something closer to like a large credi say for piano or anything like that.
Mary Bennett: No.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. So it sounds like.
Mary Bennett: I don't even have, I don't even own, I don't even own a kitchen table if that makes any difference, so.
Alexander Tran: Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, good deal.
Mary Bennett: So I do, we do have two couches but they're like, they're light. Yeah.
Alexander Tran: Okay, copy that. So let me see, see here. I'll go ahead and just start crunching the numbers here for you. Just give me one second.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Now, I'm just double checking my math cool, good deal. Okay. So in a nutshell, the estimate that I'm walking you through right now is assuming that we're going to be packing from scratch so you don't have to lift up a finger, we'll pack everything in the kitchen and all the dressers, all the closets all that Chas if you have any packing in the garage, we can do that too. It also includes any wrapping up of furniture. So anything larger than like a medium size box in terms of furniture we would have the moving blankets to stretch wrap to wrap it up any disassemble for stuff like bed frames, cribs mirrors on dresser stuff of that nature that all gets included in the hourly rate. None of those things are separate charges, the only thing that would be a separate charge would be for the actual boxes and packing materials themselves but yeah, outside side of that you wouldn't be charged for, for, you know, actually taking care of the furniture there now the main thing that I do wanna make sure I put on your radar is that typically if we are doing the pack from scratch usually that's gonna double an estimate, because it requires the same amount of resources to fully consolidate a home, into boxes as, as the move itself. So, just bear that in mind. But I can split up that estimate. So you can know exactly how much each day would look like but in a nutshell if we were to do this on the seventh and the eighth through a Wednesday, Thursday. Most likely your total, would end up floating somewhere closer to about three to about three K. To about $3,340.
Mary Bennett: Right.
Alexander Tran: Based on the resources that we would tip, typically allocate. Now, if you sent that two movers for a 48 hour day is probably overkill then what I would probably recommend is just to send over some photos because we do have exception to the rule not uncommonly sometimes that's overkill you don't need a full eight hour day, if you're particularly minimal but on the other hand, if you've been living there for, for like a, a long time, I'm more than three or four years and maybe, maybe, you've accumulated a lot. Then maybe those set of resources aren't enough on the other hand, but this would give you a general idea of what on average we would expect to see for a full pack and move that would be two days is that first day we would just pack up into boxes and then the second day would be the move itself. If we're just doing the move itself then you can reasonably expect it to be split in half there.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Alexander Tran: And then the only real difference that you would see for if we were to schedule this on the second and the third is that the hourly rate would go up. So, if I crunch numbers for that between both days there, you would essentially land closer to about $3,564 on your top end assuming a 48 hour day on both days.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Alexander Tran: And then just a final note on the hourly rate itself. Just keep in mind all of these numbers are really just like my best guess right now over the phone. Based on the data we collect around moves of a similar nature, but the hourly rate, regardless, you would only be billed to the nearest fifteen minute increment of actual time used. So, let's say on the pack day, they didn't need the 48 hours. Maybe it takes six hours, and maybe that last hour is just prepping furniture, and stuff to get ready for a smoother move day. You would only be billed for what they actually needed and let's say the move day because they were able to start prepping your furniture on that first day ends up taking closer to say five and a half hours or five hours and 45 minutes then that's all that you would pay for it to that nearest fifteen minute interval.
Mary Bennett: Okay. So what is the likelihood of them coming in packing and moving same day?
Alexander Tran: Same day, for most cases if we're, if we're doing like a full pack and it's not a partial pack and you have like a, like a, a decent amount of inventory like a averagely decent home. It wouldn't be very likely that we'd be able to do impact move there just based on your square footage alone. Usually we would cap that off to somewhere closer to half of the square footage of what you have. Usually we only do that like a same day pack and move for up to about 900 square feet or so more so like a one bedroom apartment, small studio space. Once you start crossing through the 900 square foot, it generally becomes a little bit more untenable for us to do a full pack and move even if we do add or more manpower to it. Yeah.
Mary Bennett: Welcome to.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: So, would you all like, leave like basically like, they come in and pack like you always leave us a bed for like to asleep on for the evening, right?
Alexander Tran: Oh, yeah, yeah, 100 percent. Yeah, whatever you needed us to leave unpacked for you. So like two pay, two brush. Stuff of that nature and, and anything you needed for the night, 100 percent. Yeah, we would ask first before we start just wrapping up furniture or whatever.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: Right.
Mary Bennett: Okay. Okay. Alrighty my next question is, I know you all do not most likely do not touch washer and dryers especially we disconnect them. For sure if we had two washers and dryers that were disconnected. Would you move the as well?
Alexander Tran: Yeah and we can disconnect them to, that's not an extra charge. The only thing that we don't touch would be gas lines but we're very experienced with the water lines there.
Mary Bennett: Oh, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, I think that is gas line for the but we can get a professional out here before you all take care to handle that.
Alexander Tran: Oh, okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha. Yeah but very experience with moving appliances. No worries there we can move that for you.
Mary Bennett: Okay. Okay. Well, what was your name?
Alexander Tran: My name is Alex.
Mary Bennett: Alex, is there. You have a phone number I can reach you back at. Or just call the same number.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm. Yup.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, you'd have to call the same number and just ask to get transferred over to me. But if you'd like what you hear, I'm sure you're probably still doing your research and stuff but if you want like the progress of this conversation to be saved, what I can do for you is just get it all on an email for you and then, just create a profile. That way if you do decide to circle back the progress will already be waiting for you there. Do you want me to do that for you?
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: Yeah.
Mary Bennett: Okay, perfect. Let's do that.
Alexander Tran: Okay, all I would need is just the first name, the last name, and then your preferred email.
Mary Bennett: Mary is my first name. My last name is Bennett and my email is M. As in Mary, F. As in Francis Bennett the number two @gmail.com.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Perfect. Okay. So, Mary Bennett and then M. As in Mary F. As in Francis Bennett Bennett is spelled with two ends two Ts. The number two @gmail.com.
Mary Bennett: Yeah.
Mary Bennett: Yup, that's it.
Alexander Tran: Perfect, too easy. Okay, so I'm gonna include both sets of numbers there just so that you can see the dollar value difference that the weekend is making versus that Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, to decide if whether or not it's that much of a factor for you. And then yeah, if you have any questions, if you want to upload any photos, whatever the case may be. You're welcome to just reply to that email with it. Otherwise, if you want to speak to me directly, you'll have my signature down at the very bottom along with the number that you can call to, to, to reach me directly it's the same number but you can always ask to get transferred over to Alex.
Mary Bennett: Okay.
Mary Bennett: Okay. Thank you. Oh, Alex. Just one more question actually this three so I can relay to my husband the 3000 the 3300 right. That would in, is that just the first day to pack or is that?
Alexander Tran: Yeah, mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: Yeah.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: No, no, no that's both days, that's both days. Yup. Mm-hmm yeah, so on that email I'll include like what it looks like per day just in case maybe you guys are able to get ahead of the packing and you no longer need it and you just want to go with the moving. You'll be able to see what that looks like as well.
Mary Bennett: So, okay, thanks. Alrighty.
Mary Bennett: Okay, I appreciate it.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, no problem. Okay, you'll see that email touch down. Maybe in the next like five or ten minutes. I just wanna make sure it's nice. I'm pretty but in the meantime, if you need anything, you know where to find us.
Mary Bennett: Alright, I appreciate it thank you so much.
Alexander Tran: No problem. Thank you, Ma. Bye-bye.
Mary Bennett: Alright, bye.