REP: Amy Arbasa
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6173552768753664
DURATION_MIN: 10.2
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 18:29 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Amy Arbasa', 'Michael Parazo']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Michael Parazo: Hello.
Amy Arbasa: Good afternoon. This is Amy with Einstein moving, I'm looking for Michael.
Michael Parazo: This is he?
Amy Arbasa: Oh, good. How are you doing?
Michael Parazo: Good, and you.
Amy Arbasa: Doing well, thank you so much for asking. We received your quote request like a few minutes ago and I'm calling to gather more details about that. Do you have about five to ten minutes?
Michael Parazo: Yeah.
Amy Arbasa: Thank you. Alright, so let me start with confirming your move date is September 26th which falls on a Saturday and you're moving out of a two bedroom apartment on the fifth floor with elevator. So from 8638. Uber road going to 1938 East Centra. Boulevard on the second floor is the new apartment that I got those details, right?
Michael Parazo: Yeah, the only thing that needs to be changed is, I guess I accidentally put it in as a fifth floor we're on the fourth floor.
Amy Arbasa: Fourth floor. Okay, sounds good and then your email address paraz.Michael. It Cess @ail.com is that right? Ail.com.
Michael Parazo: Oh, no. It's supposed to be Gmail. Sorry, I'm typing a little fast.
Amy Arbasa: Gmail. Okay. No problem.
Amy Arbasa: No worries at a Tom. Okay? And then I'm gonna ask you some questions, some more questions. To get us on the right track. I'll create an estimate if you can depend on I'll send you a copy via email so no need to take notes. This will probably just take five to ten minutes to wrap everything up but of course, if you have questions please let me know, okay? So let's do the inventory next what are the items that you need us to move especially mentioned the larger, the big pieces.
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: So, we have just a few things I guess that needs to be moved. We have a bed frame and a mattress along with a dresser we have a large sectional couch an entertainment center. A dog crate. It's a it's a fairly large dog crate and then a couple of computer desks.
Amy Arbasa: Sh.
Amy Arbasa: Okay.
Amy Arbasa: Uh-huh.
Amy Arbasa: Okay.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: Task. Okay. Is this like a one bedroom plus office set up?
Michael Parazo: I guess, maybe a couple of TVs, yeah.
Amy Arbasa: I see. Okay, we got the TV. What else?
Michael Parazo: I think that's it bedroom or a bed, bed frame couch entertainment center. Two death and two t.v.s.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, so we're leaving behind the Washer/Dryer fridge. Yeah. What else?
Michael Parazo: Yeah, that stuff's all in staying there. I think we might be also tossing in a couple of display cabinets.
Amy Arbasa: Sure, sure to display cabinets.
Amy Arbasa: What about paintings full length mirror? Do you have any items like that?
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: No, or whatever stuff that we have like that will be moving on our own, so.
Amy Arbasa: And just to confirm.
Amy Arbasa: I see. Okay makes sense and just to confirm nothing crazy like a gun safe a gym equipment or an arm, more thing like that. Okay do you need us to pack up the boxes for you or you'll have those ready to go.
Michael Parazo: No, nothing like that. No.
Michael Parazo: We should have those ready to go. We're, I think we're most of the way done with it, so.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, that's good, that's good and then we normally see our account 25 to 35 boxes worth of items coming out of a two bedroom apartment. Would you say if you'll be in that range or do you have book collection shoe collection and up, would you be on Theu. 2535. Boxes?
Michael Parazo: Well, we have so we're packing into some smaller boxes but we also have some big containers that we got so like a lot, a few of those boxes are fitting into those containers, so honestly it might be like less than or like twenty or less.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: Right.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, okay, that sounds like a plan, let's say twenty boxes or less now for the walking distance. Going to the parking, let's divide into two. How far is the walk from your front door, going into the fourth floor elevator. Are you down the hall, long walks.
Michael Parazo: We're right next to it, so it's like maybe, maybe eight feet away from front door tile elevator.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, okay, sounds good. Wonderful. And once we get to the ground floor elevator going into the parking how far is that?
Michael Parazo: So, there's actually a straight shop from the elevator to the to the road I'd say that's maybe twenty feet, maybe thirty.
Amy Arbasa: Thank you.
Amy Arbasa: And then the destination would you say if it's also a short walking distance to the parking or is it further this time? Do you have an idea?
Michael Parazo: So, we think it would probably be about the same. We get our keys next weekend and we'll just need to go and like reconfirm where the closest is for you guys to be able to like.
Amy Arbasa: Wonderful. Yeah, thank you. Okay, I think I got all the details that I need. But last one more question.
Michael Parazo: Set up, so.
Amy Arbasa: Let me just check. Oh, yeah. So, yeah, Michael, what are you most worried about for this upcoming move or do you have any specific question that you would like me to answer during this call? Cause I wanna make sure we cover everything.
Michael Parazo: Mm-hmm I think our biggest thing is like, of course care, right, but also like cost and time.
Amy Arbasa: Yeah.
Amy Arbasa: Budget, really you know, money is the major factor and well the fact that you're moving that's very stressful itself. But no worries we're help, we're here to help you out. And the good thing is our pricing is all inclusive. So for your requested date Saturday, we charge $206 an hour with two movers if you guys are flexible, Sunday to Thursday is a bit cheaper so Friday and Saturday, $206 Sunday $192 and then Monday to, well, Sunday to Thursday is $192. So if you guys are flexible, maybe you're interested in doing a Sunday instead to save a little what do you think?
Michael Parazo: Mm-hmm.
Michael Parazo: Yeah.
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: Yeah, I think that'd be possible we'll, we'll talk and see if that'll work.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, for now.
Michael Parazo: But I feel like that should be a good.
Amy Arbasa: Amazing. So let's say Sunday so 1921 hour we have a 26 foot box truck and we'll bring the moving blankets, shrink wrap and dollies the tools for any disassemble or reassembly. That needs to be, to be done. This hourly rate also includes the taxes insurance and the gas. The only thing outside of the hourly rate is what is a one time travel fee, which is $70, because your current address is already outside of our free service zone. But other than that, Mike no additional fees of any type. For all our clients no credit card fees, no stairwell fees, no disassemble or the assembly fees. What we have is a two and a half hour minimum. If we go being on two and a half hours, we will prorate the time in every fifteen minute increments. Do you have any questions so far before we break down the estimate.
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: I think I don't think so.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, so not for the quote typically a two bedroom apartment, we would just need three and a half, sometimes up to five and a half hours with two movers to complete with your case. Well inventories is pretty, pretty straightforward. I can say that but let's add in the factor that we're moving you out of fort floor unit there's about a thirty minute drive from here to the new address and then second floor unit. I would suggest budget for the mid to higher range which is four and a half to five and a half hours just to be on the safe side. So four and a half hours that's $934. Well, $5 is $1,126 including the travel fee. Again anywhere from $934 to $1,126 just in case needed. Although at the end of the day you're not done by the estimate, you only pay for the actual time that you use some helpful that I can give you staging the boxes or the plastic tubs.
Amy Arbasa: Near the entry way or if you're able to disassemble the bed in advance even taking a hard load of the small pieces would really help you save time and of course money by the end of the day. Does that make sense so far?
Michael Parazo: Okay, yeah.
Michael Parazo: Yeah, that makes sense.
Amy Arbasa: Wonderful. So yeah, that's it very straightforward. No, no more, no less, no additional fees again just the hour, the date and a one time travel fee. So, I'll send you the quote so you can discuss with your partner or if you guys have any questions, you can always call me back at this number now. Of course our goal is to put you on schedule. We don't require any deposits. What do you think?
Michael Parazo: Okay.
Michael Parazo: Okay, that sounds good.
Amy Arbasa: Would you be ready to like the date? Or let me just send you the estimate.
Michael Parazo: We'll still talk and just to make sure to see if that'll fit our budget or not or what, you know, we'll want to move on our own.
Amy Arbasa: For sure, for sure. Alright, so let me send you this quote. So again this is for a Sunday estimate the $190 to the lower rate and if you have any questions don't hesitate to reach, reach out, okay?
Michael Parazo: Okay, thank you very much.
Amy Arbasa: Thanks for your time, have a great weekend. Bye-bye.
Michael Parazo: You as well, bye-bye.
Amy Arbasa: Oh.