REP: Amy Arbasa
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6365341144358912
DURATION_MIN: 6.8
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 19:46 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Amy Arbasa', 'Lauren Gold']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Lauren Gold: For calling, I'll see if this person is available.
Amy Arbasa: My name is Amy with Einstein company.
Lauren Gold: Thanks, please stay on the line.
Lauren Gold: Hello.
Amy Arbasa: Good afternoon, my name is Amy with Einstein moving, I'm looking for Lauren.
Lauren Gold: Yeah.
Lauren Gold: Yeah, that's me.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, good. How are you doing?
Lauren Gold: I'm good, how are you?
Amy Arbasa: Doing well, thank you, thank you for asking. I'm calling about the quote you requested online. I'd like to ask you some questions first so we can get started on the right track and then I'll build an estimate if you can depend on this call would probably take five to ten minutes. Is this a good time?
Lauren Gold: Yeah.
Amy Arbasa: Amazing. Alright, let me start with confirming your move date is October 1st which falls on a Thursday and then we're moving you out of a second floor apartment on the third floor with no elevator, no problem. From 2525 TX, 360 with US, Texas. And we're going to a three story town home which is 1722 West Ante Street in Fort Worth, that I got the status, right?
Lauren Gold: Yeah, yeah. Departments on a third floor.
Amy Arbasa: Amazing.
Amy Arbasa: Gotcha. Third floor no elevator. Alright, now do you need help packing up your boxes or would you have those ready to go?
Lauren Gold: Third.
Lauren Gold: We're gonna take the box ourselves. So we're just moving furniture.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, so no boxes for our movers and speaking of furniture, can you walk me through your inventory list please especially the major or the large steps. Thank you.
Lauren Gold: Yes.
Lauren Gold: Yes. I have a list. Okay so we've got a queen size mattress and bed frame. We've got two dressers, two shelving units, two TV stands. We've got a coffee table that is glass, we've got two desks, two office chairs and three dining chairs.
Amy Arbasa: Just two office chairs, three dining chairs.
Lauren Gold: Yes.
Amy Arbasa: Thank you. And we're leaving behind the Washer/Dryer fridge, right? It stays in the apartment. Okay. I just wanna confirm nothing super heavy like a gun safe gym equipment or a piano.
Lauren Gold: Yeah, that. Yeah, that's thing.
Lauren Gold: No, nothing like that.
Amy Arbasa: Okay. How far is the walk from your front door here at the third floor, going to the top of the staircase, is it a long walk on hall?
Lauren Gold: No, it's not that far. We're, our apartment is right by the staircase.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, great. And we can park right in front of the building.
Lauren Gold: There's like a little, like a little bit of a sidewalk that you have to go through but I mean, it's not far. It's maybe like, fifteen feet.
Amy Arbasa: The.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, thank you and, and then we'll go straight to the town home. No additional location in between, right?
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Yeah, yeah, no, it's right off the screen and there, there's no stops on the way.
Amy Arbasa: Okeydokey.
Amy Arbasa: It's about thirty minute drive going to the new place. Okay, should be straightforward. Alright I think I got all the details that I need to prepare the estimate for you. But one more question, is there any specific concern or what are you most worried about for the upcoming move Lauren?
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Okay.
Lauren Gold: Probably the cost we're trying to figure out. I don't know if you guys do itemized versus hourly but that was like a.
Amy Arbasa: Who actually, we just offer hourly.
Lauren Gold: Just two hourly, okay.
Amy Arbasa: But we just have a two and a half hour minimum so let me walk you through the basics first if you wanna move-in. A. On a Thursday, actually, Monday to Thursday is our cheapest days. So Monday through Thursday, we charge $19,594 an hour that is with two movers already. It's an all inclusive hourly rate. We have a 26 foot box truck. We'll bring the moving blankets, shrink wrap and doggies the tools for any disassemble or reassembly that needs to be done. This also includes the taxes, insurance, and the gas. The best part here, your move is within a free service zone. So no travel fees and for all our clients, no credit card fees, no stairwell, no disassemble or reassembly fees. We just have a two and a half hour minimum if we go beyond two and a half hours time will be prorated in every fifteen minute increments. Do you have any questions? So far about the pricing.
Lauren Gold: Okay.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Okay.
Lauren Gold: No.
Amy Arbasa: Nope, okay, so now for the quote, typically a two bedroom apartment we would just need two movers, one truck and it usually takes three and a half to four and, I mean, three and a half to five and a half hours to complete your inventory is very, very straightforward. If you were just moving from ground floor to ground floor, I would say two and a half to three and a half hours but let's add in the factors that they're stairs involved so third floor to three stories out home I would suggest this is maybe a bit conservative or super conservative I would suggest budget for about three and a half, maybe up to five hours, just in case we run into traffic as well if we only use three and a half hours that's $679, if we end up using five hour.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: Hours that's $970 again anywhere from $679.07 to $907 if it takes three and a half to five hours to complete but of course you're not by, by the estimate since we're hourly based, you only pay for the actual time that they use. We just have the two and a half hour minimum. So, when you mentioned earlier that you're going to take all the boxes or if you can also take, or disassemble the bed in advance take the smaller pieces yourself that would help you save time. And of course money by the end of the day does it so fair.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah.
Amy Arbasa: Yeah, sounds good. That's a very straightforward pricing and we don't require any deposits if you're ready to lock this date or if you're still shopping. I'll just email you the estimate, what do you mean?
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: If you, if you could email it to me cause I'm at work right now. But I need to send the quote to my wife if you don't mind emailing it to me.
Amy Arbasa: For sure. For sure no worries. If you guys have any questions, you know where to call me back or you can just send us an email anytime October 1st is still wide open, it's just that, you know, calendar may changes, may change from time to time. So let me know if you decide to book. Thank you for your time.
Lauren Gold: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Gold: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. Alright, bye good weekend. You too, bye.
Amy Arbasa: Thank you. Have a great weekend. Bye.