REP: Arden Asilo
BRANCH: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5466439243309056
DURATION_MIN: 16.4
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 17:40 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Arden Asilo', 'Mark Taken']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Mark Taken: Thank you for calling.
Arden Asilo: Good afternoon. I did hear from Einstein.
Mark Taken: Hi, I'm doing a move towards the end of this month within the same apartment building and your online system assume so, move involving a truck, but I just need to hire on an hourly rate. I'd like to get three movers involved in it. What do I need to do to try to get a quote.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Let's okay, let's no problem. Sarah. May I have your email? Let's check what you have filled out online.
Mark Taken: I haven't. Well, I did, yeah. It's mark taken. @gmail.com.
Arden Asilo: Mar taken.
Mark Taken: Yeah, T-A-K-N.
Arden Asilo: Alright, found it. Hi mark, good afternoon. How are you doing today?
Mark Taken: Just fine, thank you.
Arden Asilo: Happy to hear that, just to confirm we're moving you from the fourteenth floor to the twentieth floor. Is that right?
Mark Taken: Correct.
Arden Asilo: Okay sir, just to, just for you to know since our, it's always a two movers crew whether you're going to be needing a truck or not it's already included and how the crew will come into your location, okay, but if they're not gonna be using the truck that's gonna be no problem you will still be charged for the same hourly rate regardless if there is a truck or without a truck. Since that's gonna be the mode of transport. So I can get the details and gather the details of this move. So we'll be able to check on it and your what's the date is the 25th of September, is that right?
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: Okay.
Mark Taken: Correct.
Arden Asilo: Okay, we're moving you out of a one bedroom apartment in 2975 Black Burn Street in Dallas. What's the unit number of the first one?
Mark Taken: It's 14061406.
Arden Asilo: Okay. And are we going to get items from your garage? A garage within the building storage unit within the building balcony, patio items.
Mark Taken: Well, we do have a loading dock but I'm not thinking I'll reserve it since we don't need the truck. Are you thinking you need to back the truck up to a loading dock? Okay.
Arden Asilo: No, sir, what I'm trying to ask are, is, do you have items in your garage or do you have items in a storage unit in the building, or maybe tables in chairs in your balcony?
Mark Taken: Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. No, it's just all in the apartment. All in the apartment.
Arden Asilo: It's okay.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you so much and okay, sir, how far is your first apartment to the elevator?
Mark Taken: Well, it's I don't know how to, to tell you. It's not far and it's about halfway along the floor that.
Arden Asilo: I see, we can measure it using a school bus. Is it one school bus away or half a school bus away from this elevator?
Mark Taken: I would say probably a school bus.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Thank you. And then from this, from the elevator to the second apartment on the twentieth floor. How far is it?
Mark Taken: And.
Mark Taken: That would be two school busses.
Arden Asilo: Oh, so you're at the end of the hallway for the second department.
Mark Taken: Yes, correct.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you so much. Now, let's talk about the items that we're going to be moving. That might require extra time or extra care for the move. Number one, sir. Anything extra heavy, extra large, like work up equipment, safe. Pianos or anything like that.
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: No, the largest things I have. I do the bedrooms that I have as it's not real marble, but it's like a marble top to a big dresser and the end tables and those are quite heavy.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Marbled marble.
Mark Taken: Yeah, it's like fake marble but it's very heavy.
Arden Asilo: I know marble top dresser marble nights times, correct?
Mark Taken: Yes, yes, two of them.
Arden Asilo: Okay, two of them, okay.
Mark Taken: Yeah, and then the desk I have is a pretty, pretty big desk and it's also pretty heavy, it's a wood desk.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Holiwood.
Arden Asilo: Heavy solid wood. Solid wood desk. Okay, as.
Mark Taken: Pardon me? Yeah, and.
Mark Taken: Yeah and then, and then I have a save a safe. I don't I don't know the dimensions but it's I don't know it's Les.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: How many, how much does the Safeway do you think?
Mark Taken: I don't, I don't know, but it's probably a few £100 it's my guess, it's.
Arden Asilo: Is it, how is it heavier than £300?
Mark Taken: Good question.
Arden Asilo: Or, or, or if you get, or if you can give me the make and model, it's okay if you can give me the make and model of the safe if you can check on it right now. So we can double-check and Google the weight. And that I mentioned. So at least, we'll know whether the movers, we really need three movers for this or it's just two movers.
Mark Taken: I'm not sure.
Mark Taken: Oh.
Mark Taken: Yeah! I I wish was at home and, and could really tell you what it was. Hold on. I think I have, I think I have a picture. If I can think of it let me, let me see if I do.
Arden Asilo: Oh, okay.
Arden Asilo: Go ahead.
Mark Taken: No, I don't have a picture of it.
Mark Taken: Yeah, no, I don't know what it is.
Mark Taken: It's probably like a, a two by three foot safe and it's a water bruise and fireproof.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm I'm not very much oh, wow. I'm not very much concerned about the dimension. Sir. I'm much concerned about the weight since the heavier the safest, the difficult it is to move. Now, we only have a limit of 300 pounds for safe. So, I just wanna make sure.
Mark Taken: Yeah.
Mark Taken: Let me see, let me look one more place cause I may have bought it on Amazon and I'll search my orders on Amazon. I forget where I bought it like over two years ago.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: It's okay sir, you take your time. I'm just here.
Mark Taken: Oh, here it is. Yeah, it's a century safe is the brand.
Mark Taken: Let's see you, and you want like a model number or something on it.
Arden Asilo: Yes sir. Any anything that you'd like, what's the brand name once again?
Mark Taken: Entry save. Let me see if they sure, yeah, let me see if they show the weight here in the specifications.
Arden Asilo: Entry safe. Mm-hmm mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: Oh, yeah it's no, it's just £86. Sorry all that. It's just baby.
Arden Asilo: Alright then. All good. Sorry sir, sorry sir. I had, it's okay sir. I had to be very careful on that.
Mark Taken: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Arden Asilo: Alright. Eight. Alright. What that aside from the safe. How about TV fridge Washer/Dryer deep freezer.
Mark Taken: I have two that are wall mounted. I did have a question whether you guys take that down or whether I need to have them taken down. Okay.
Arden Asilo: What's the size of the TV sir?
Mark Taken: One is, I think one is like a maybe a 6055 or sixty inch and the others like a forty inch, they're not huge and they're LED you know mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Well, good news. Alright. We can amount those TV, no issues on amounting then we just won't be able to remount it. But if the, but if the brackets already installed onto your new apartment we can re remount it for you as long as we're not going to be the one to punch the wall.
Mark Taken: Okay.
Mark Taken: I see. Okay, then I'll probably just take those down myself because they will need to be re mounted. So I'll just, I'll just take them down myself and they can just move the TV, the brackets for me and then none of no appliances will be going I have a couch, a living room chair.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Alright.
Arden Asilo: Thank you, okay.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: A bed of course it mattress I have a headboard foot board rails and a mattress and I have high chairs, March chairs for for those, and I think that's, that covers it I think and then you know close and dishes and all that sort of stuff.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: I see.
Arden Asilo: Thank you so much sir. One second and.
Arden Asilo: Or how about anything fragile or valuable like arts and take collections? Alums.
Mark Taken: No, no. I don't really have any of that.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm thank you so much and how about boxes typically for a one bedroom apartment box count is within fifty to 25 how many number of boxes are we going to move for you in maximum?
Mark Taken: Five. I doubt it's gonna be more than 25 I am going, I, I've bought boxes and I bought some that are like for hanging clothes. So I'm going to have those kind of tall boxes to put hanging clothes in.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm okay, now what's the new, what's the number of the new apartment, sir?
Mark Taken: 2002.
Arden Asilo: 2002. Oh, okay then. I am all good with everything sir. So, before I go over pricing structure and estimate, do you have any questions any clarification regarding the moving process in general?
Mark Taken: Yup, 202.
Mark Taken: No, I think I kinda understand how generally I've been through it a lot. So, yeah, I think I get it.
Arden Asilo: Oh, alright, so let me explain how our pricing works sir. It's super simple. Okay, so we charged, give me one second here.
Arden Asilo: So, we charge an hourly rate of two of $111 per hour per mover and we provide a 26 foot box truck with everything that's needed, everything is already included in that hourly rate, gas trucks, taxes, insurance, all the wraps, the pads and bans to protect the items and being moved. Even tools for disassemble and reassembly, a. Furniture and appliances, there's gonna be no hidden fee, no credit card fee, no sare. Fees, and no disassemble or reassembly fees. And the best part for this move you're going to get up to $2,000 free evaluation coverage. So, if anything gets damaged gets broken, you can just give us a call to file a claim for it, number two, our movers are not daily contracted workers. They're one of the best and they are professionally trained. So prior to the move, you're gonna receive an email of who the movers are helping extension of changers arriving at your Fri.
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: Okay.
Mark Taken: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Your front door and we also have an on time guarantee. So the movers arrive late. You start to get discount on your final bill. The way our clock work is very simple. The time will only start as soon as we are on site and open the contract. And then you have us for as long as you need us for any move. It's a two and a half hour minimum once we go over the minimum the time will be and fifteen minutes. Increment. Does that all make sense?
Mark Taken: You said I want them into the minimum. How many hours?
Arden Asilo: Two and a half hours, sir.
Mark Taken: Two and a half. Oh, okay. Yeah, I would guess this is gonna be the three to four hour would be my guess but we'll see.
Arden Asilo: Alright.
Arden Asilo: Well, on my end since we have, we do have some heavy items, heavy Mart bold items and some heavy, bold, solid woo tests. And you also have a safe, it's good to do three movers. Okay, so I'm estimating to take only around two and a half to three hours for three movers though. So it's good to budget an overall of $9, okay, $999 for the move. Now keep in mind sir. That is just an estimate though, okay, we only factored in a little extra time in this quote based on the details that we have discussed. Ultimately on move day, you only pay for the actual time use. So the move goes faster than once you have anticipated and of course you pay less. Got it.
Mark Taken: Okay, that sounds great. Mm-hmm. Oh.
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm.
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Alright.
Mark Taken: Okay. So am I better off doing the quote online or cause I, it was an $830.
Arden Asilo: I can.
Arden Asilo: Oh, well give me one second. Oh, on my end here sir. The $832 is a two and a half hour minimum for three movers. It's $999 estimate for two and a half to three hours because on my end.
Mark Taken: Although we have two movers.
Mark Taken: I got it. I got it. Okay, I got it. That's how I didn't know how you did the throw Downline. I understand that. Okay.
Arden Asilo: Alright, no problem. I already have saved up your details here sir, if you're okay, I can book you for Friday 25th of September no deposit required.
Mark Taken: Yeah, go ahead and do that. I mean, I'm, I was gonna check some other rates but you're become very highly recommended so.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Thank you sir. We appreciate that. We highly appreciate the word of amount that our repeat customers are giving us, especially that most of our customers are referrals. So, we might sound, our hourly rate might sound higher than what our competitors has but come to think of it everything that we have are all already transparent. We don't have hidden fees. We don't surprise you with transportation fees or Serr. Fees or assembly fees is an on spot hourly rate multiplied by how much time is consumed, okay?
Mark Taken: Mm-hmm, uh-huh okay. Well let's look, let me just go ahead and book you guys cause it sounds kind of the norm for me.
Mark Taken: And I mean I know there's some places that have a cheaper rate per hour, but I don't think they do the right service so.
Arden Asilo: Thank you sir. I appreciate that. So congratulations, sir. You're officially on the books mark, it does any question clarification all you need to do is just give us a call and always remember, with Ansin moving, you, only pay after the actual move is done, okay.
Mark Taken: Yeah.
Arden Asilo: Alright. You're welcome sir, I'm gonna send you the confirmation.
Mark Taken: Okay, that sounds great. Thank you very much.
Mark Taken: And, and, oh, and I'm sorry, what, I'm sorry. What time will they be coming on the twenty fifth?
Arden Asilo: Oh, the team will come between 8:30 to 9:00 sir.
Mark Taken: 839. Okay.
Arden Asilo: Alright. So once I, once again, sir, can you you're part of my job. So congratulations mark, you're officially on the books. If there's any question clarification all you need to do is just give us a call. I already sent you the confirmation email. You can run through it everything that we have discussed is on, is on there, okay?
Mark Taken: Great. Okay, thank you very much.
Mark Taken: Okay, fantastic. I appreciate your help.
Arden Asilo: Okay, bye-bye mark. Stay safe. Happy weekend. Bye-bye.
Mark Taken: Okay, bye-bye.