REP: Arden Asilo
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4695765612535808
DURATION_MIN: 10.3
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 17:09 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Arden Asilo', 'Brenden Fahd']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Brenden Fahd: If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available.
Arden Asilo: Arden from Einstein moving.
Brenden Fahd: Thanks Arden from Einstein please stay on the line.
Brenden Fahd: Hello.
Arden Asilo: Hello good afternoon Arden here from ein moving, how are you doing today, Brandon?
Brenden Fahd: I'm doing good, how are you?
Arden Asilo: I'm okay. Happy to hear that. So this is with regards to the move request that you've put in online. So, I just wanna check if you're available to talk about the move and of course finalize everything if you're not busy.
Brenden Fahd: Yeah.
Arden Asilo: Alright, so let me explain what this call will look like. Okay. I just need a few minutes to ask you a question regarding the move. And from there, I'll be able to tell you what the hourly rate will look like. Explain to our pricing works and tell you why Einstein is the best choice. Ultimately our main goal together is to put you on the schedule for no deposit required and there's gonna be any rescheduling needed. That's gonna be free of cost as well. What do you think?
Brenden Fahd: Alright.
Brenden Fahd: Sounds good.
Arden Asilo: Alright, and your requested date is the 19th of September, which is a Saturday, is that correct sir?
Brenden Fahd: That is correct.
Arden Asilo: Okay, one second. Are you in any way flexible or you really need the nineteenth.
Brenden Fahd: I really need the nineteenth.
Arden Asilo: I see now, what I have the availability that I have is I only have, I can put it this way. Okay, since, ultimately you're not paying us by truck. You're paying us on hourly rate basis per mover. So.
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: I have availability in the afternoon slot 24, so around four hours for two movers. But two crew are available. Meaning to say around so what we can do if you're, if you're okay with that once we have finished everything and I have finalized all the estimates rather than sending just two crew for a whole day, I can send four movers. So they'll be able to finish the job on Saturday afternoon. If you're okay with that, it's still will be counted with the same day, it will still be counted technically for the same rate, it will just be faster because it's gonna be four movers.
Brenden Fahd: Yeah, we can.
Brenden Fahd: I gotcha. Yeah, we can look into that.
Arden Asilo: So that at least we'll be able. Okay, thank you. Now let's talk about this, so this is for a 1600 square foot one story house, is that correct sir? Okay, and it's in 1716 reopens. Road in Haslet. How many bedrooms is the house, please, sir?
Brenden Fahd: That's correct.
Brenden Fahd: It's three.
Arden Asilo: Three bedrooms, okay. No are we going to move items from your backyard or outside or front patio balcony or or an, an outside shed or everything will just be from inside the house.
Brenden Fahd: No.
Brenden Fahd: Everything will be inside.
Arden Asilo: Okay, and this is gonna be for a three bedroom, can we park in front of the house, sir? No, parking restrictions like low hanging trees and pay driveway slope.
Brenden Fahd: Yes.
Brenden Fahd: Nope, nothing like that.
Arden Asilo: Alright. Thank you. Now. Let's talk about the item sir. Though we're going to be moving that might require extra time and care for the move. Okay. Number one. Anything extra heavy or extra large like workout equipment, safe pianos or anything like that?
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm.
Brenden Fahd: There, we've got the only workout equipment we have is a Peloton bike.
Arden Asilo: Okay. It bye, noted on that how about anything fragile or valuable? Like arts and the collections. Alums.
Brenden Fahd: Nope.
Arden Asilo: Okay, and how about any fridge Washer/Dryer TV that we're going to be moving for you deep freezer.
Brenden Fahd: Fridge, washer and dryer.
Arden Asilo: Special items pallet and bike fridge washer and how about TV.
Brenden Fahd: No, t.v.s.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: And typically sir, for a house your size box count is within fifty to sixty pieces. How many number of boxes do you think are going to move for your maximum?
Brenden Fahd: There's gonna be no boxes at all. This is just gonna be for furniture.
Arden Asilo: Oh, so us going to be all for furniture. Okay, thank you so much and how about packing, do you need help packing or everything will be back once we get there.
Brenden Fahd: All furniture.
Brenden Fahd: Nope, everything will be ready to go.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you so much and we're going to be moving you into a one story house in 12401 Durango. Route drive in fourth worth, is that correct?
Brenden Fahd: That's correct.
Arden Asilo: And it's how many bedrooms, sir?
Brenden Fahd: Three bedroom.
Arden Asilo: Three bedroom and this is around 3035 minutes away from the first. How dep depending on traffic in the afternoon, right.
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Now, can we park in the driveway of this house still parking restrictions like low hanging trees and pay driveway slope.
Brenden Fahd: Nope.
Arden Asilo: Okay, then I am all good, give me me one second.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Alright, so before we go over pricing structure and estimate, sir, do you have any questions, any clarification regarding the moving process in general?
Brenden Fahd: I do not.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Now, let me explain how pricing works. Okay, it's super, super simple. We charged an hourly rate of $103 per hour for two movers and we provide a 26 foot box truck with everything that's needed. Everything is already included in that hourly rate gas trucks, taxes, insurance, all the wraps, the pads and bans to protect the items and being moved, even the tools for disassemble and reassembly of all furniture and appliances. Meaning to say is a flat RateOne, $103 per hour per mover. No, that's gonna be no hidden fee, no credit card fee, no transportation fees, no fees, and no disassemble or reassembly fees.
Brenden Fahd: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Okay, now the best part with this move, once you book this, you're gonna get up to $2,000 free evaluation coverage. So if anything gets damaged gets broken, gets mishandled say for example, your pallet bike, if say for example, movers damage it well I hope not. That's why we're pretty confident with the $2,000 free evaluation coverage. So, if say for example movers damage it, while they're trying to transport it, you can give us a call to file a claim for it. It will be handled within three to five business days and you don't have to pay for a deductible.
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm.
Brenden Fahd: Okay.
Arden Asilo: It will be either be repaired, replaced or reimbursed. So, that evaluation coverage is free of cost already included in the hourly rate. No need to pay anything extra for that, okay.
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Number two. Our movers are not daily contracted workers. They're one of the best and they are professionally trained. So prior to the move you're gonna receive an email of who your movers are helping extension of strangers arriving at your front door and we also have an on time guarantee. So, if the movers arrive late, say for example, for the setup in the afternoon, every time they get late, you get discount on your final bill. That's how time conscious we are. So, the way our clock work is very simple the time will only start as soon as we are on site and open the contract and then you have us for as long as you need us for any move. It's a two and a half hour minimum once we go over the minimum the time will be paraded in fifteen minutes increment, does that all make sense.
Brenden Fahd: I gotcha.
Brenden Fahd: Yes.
Arden Asilo: Now. Alright. Now for personalized estimate sir. Typically for a 1600 square foot house it usually takes two movers between six and a half to eight and a half hours to completely move sir. In your case since we're moving you from a one story house into another one story house, no boxes however but with special items such as your pallet bike your fridge your washer and dryer to take extra time. Of course, an extra care.
Arden Asilo: Off during the move. I'm estimating the move to take around eight to nine hours for two movers and it's good to budget an overall of $1,854 for that move. However, since we don't have availability for the whole day for September 19th like I have recommended, we can split this into two crew. So four movers welcome, they're gonna stay or they're, they'll be able to do it in the afternoon, it's gonna be for three and a half to four and a half hours.
Arden Asilo: It will still be for the same total amount of $1,854. I always keep in mind sir that this is just gonna be an estimate and we only factor in little extra time in the quote based on the details that we have discussed. Because ultimately we'd much rather give you a realistic worst case number. Then be surprised by a higher total, be later on, ultimately, sir, on move day itself if the move goes faster than what we have anticipated, then of course, you pay less, say for example even if you're booked for four movers for four and a half, if they'll be able to finish the job in three hours, and you'll only pay for four hour, four movers for three hours, you got it.
Brenden Fahd: Mm-hmm sounds good.
Arden Asilo: Alright. And like, and like I mentioned, sir I have availability for afternoon slot. The team will come between 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM in the afternoon, is that okay for you?
Brenden Fahd: Yeah.
Arden Asilo: Alright, then congratulations Brandon, you're officially on the books. So if there is any question any clarification, please feel free to give us a call, okay, for the meantime, enjoy the rest of your day and happy week. Sorry go ahead.
Brenden Fahd: Well, can we hang on just, just one second, everything does sound good but can you just, can you just send me the quote and I can confirm? Cause we still have other quotes we're getting so, it sounds good but.
Arden Asilo: Sorry, sorry, go ahead.
Arden Asilo: No problem sir. I'll send you, no problem, sir. I'll send you a quotation and just let me know, okay? Alright, thank you.
Brenden Fahd: Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.