REP: Bri Boyce Newbro
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5854072826011648
DURATION_MIN: 6.6
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 18:31 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Bri Boyce Newbro', 'Joan Ellebracht-AB']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Hello.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Hi, may I speak with Joan?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Hello.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Hello, can you hear me?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: This is she? Yes I can.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Hi Joan, this is bri calling. Oh, good. This is Bree calling from Einstein Moving Company. How are you doing today?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Hi, uh-huh hi, just fine.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Good, I was just calling in regards to your online booking I.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Sure.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Great, I do have, I'm gonna go ahead and send an email of everything over is the JD castle 731. @gmail.com a good email for you.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Yes.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Then we have you moving from 3636 diamond falls, shirts Texas. Looks like that's a house, is this a partial move? Cause it looks like, it's, we're only moving like 855 square feet.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Yeah, cause who, the people who are buying my house they have a it, they use those containers and the people that are buying my house they will pay for a free move and they can't, it's gonna be separate. This is what I'm gonna store in, in storage so they just can't move around like a truck does. So it's like, okay, never mind, just, just take that and put it in the warehouse, put it in storage, but what's gonna be left is all that I have to put in my apartment, so that's why I looked for an actual moving company.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Gotcha. Okay, understood so we will do this as a partial one bedroom move.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Mm-hmm.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Well, it's my bedroom and then the living area that has the couch, the love seat and the chair, and then some bar stools and two bookcases that I think I put that in the email, the text, so I didn't know how to.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Ish.
Bri Boyce Newbro: I'm actually really glad that you said that we've been having some issues with our system with people putting notes, our customers notes and then not showing up. So this is actually great. Cause I can run this up the ladder because it did not come through, but that's okay we would call you anyways to confirm.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Mm-hmm.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Right, and, and there's five, okay, and there's five end table. So you're saying that sometimes you're not getting the full text or the, I didn't really understand. Okay, yeah, so it's really not that much compared to, you know, an entire cause my son's taking some stuff and so that's why it's kind of being divvied up and it's not like an entire household of, of things.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Correct.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Alright, so.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yeah, like a one bedroom apartment ish cause we'll have bedroom living area.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Pretty much, yeah, exactly and yeah, and that's exactly what I'm moving into, it's gonna be a one bedroom. So yeah, I didn't think about that but yeah, it was pretty much what it is here.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yeah.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay, perfect and everything's coming out of the one story for this home. Okay, perfect. And then out of those items, do we have anything that's in particular special to concerns fragile heavy.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Mm-hmm yes. Yes.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: No.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then a typical move for like a one bedroom apartment would be about fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you feel like, you feel like you would fall on that range?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Most of the boxes that's gonna go in the warehouse with the other move. Everything else I'm able to take in my vehicle, so there's not gonna be any boxes.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then it looks like we have about a thirty minute drive to 5114 medical drive San antonio 78229.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Correct.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then, do we have a unit number for that?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Yes, it's 1407 so, it's on the fourth floor at the very top. They do have an elevator. You know, if they need to use it.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: And where they could park which is like right in front like, when you, it's, just a, not far at all. Do you just literally go across the parking lot which is the sidewalks right there, and then you go through to either go to the elevator or the stairs. I don't know what your guys prefer so.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And can you reserve the elevator, is that just public?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: I'll see if I can, I have no idea but you know I'll see if I can.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yes, ma'am. Alright, well, it looks like we've got you all med up the system looks like we have an arrival time between 12:30 and 230 for about a four hour move. And then we do charge the hourly rate which is the $192 for the two movers and 26 foot box truck. Everything is included in that hourly rate. The gas and trucks taxes and insurance, and then all rap pads, advance protect items when being moved. And then all tools for disassemble and reassembly a furniture and appliances. We do not have any hidden fees of any type just so you know the way the clock works is the time starts as soon as we get on site and open the contract you have us for as long as you need us for any move. We do have a two and a half hour minimum once we go over that minimum the time is prorated in fifteen minute.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Okay, okay.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then three days before your move, you're going to get a meet your mover feature email and that introduces them to you helping ease attention of strangers arriving at your front door the day before the move the branch will call you to confirm your move. And then the day of they will let you know when they're on their way.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Okay, that sounds good.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Awesome. Do you have any questions for me?
Joan Ellebracht-AB: No, not that I can think of right now.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay. Well if that changes my name is Bree you can reach out to us directly or you can just respond to the email that I'm going to send you.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Okay.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: Okay, alright, thank you so much.
Bri Boyce Newbro: You are so welcome. Have a good rest of your weekend. Thank you bye.
Joan Ellebracht-AB: You too bye-bye.