REP: Bri Boyce Newbro
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4567435613609984
DURATION_MIN: 6.8
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 18:40 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Bri Boyce Newbro', 'Shaun Harris']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Shaun Harris: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Thank you for calling Einstein moving this is Bree. How may I help you?
Shaun Harris: Yeah. Hi Bree, I'm in need of a couple of movers to help me move some furniture from inside the house to the garage. Is this something you guys do? Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Oh, absolutely we, yeah, we can get you quoted for that. We'll just start with a few questions to get us on the right track and that should just take about five to ten minutes and then we'll be able to build you an accurate quote for that. Is there a specific day that you're looking to secure?
Shaun Harris: Okay.
Shaun Harris: Okay.
Shaun Harris: Okay.
Shaun Harris: Next Wednesday?
Shaun Harris: The sixteenth.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Great, I do have availability for that day. May I get your first name?
Shaun Harris: Okay. Yes, first name is Sean.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Is that S-H-U-N or WN?
Shaun Harris: UN good guess.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yeah. And then last name.
Shaun Harris: Yes, Paris.
Bri Boyce Newbro: H-A-R-R-I-S.
Shaun Harris: Correct.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then is this 972-898-7902 a good contact number for you?
Shaun Harris: Yes, it is.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And, and then no need to take notes, I can send all of this information over via email. Is there a good email for you?
Shaun Harris: Okay. Yes, it would be Sean.Harris @live.com.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then how did you hear about us, Sean?
Shaun Harris: You guys have been moving people in and out of the neighborhood since we moved in.
Bri Boyce Newbro: That's good.
Shaun Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Right, and then, okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: What is the address that we would be helping you move some furniture around?
Shaun Harris: It's 461 leaning rock ridge in Parton ranch in Austin.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then is this a help?
Shaun Harris: Yes.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay, and then how many square feet is the home, even though? I know we're not moving everything.
Shaun Harris: Okay. It's 3000 square feet.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And how many stories?
Shaun Harris: Single story.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then how many bedrooms?
Shaun Harris: Four.
Bri Boyce Newbro: And then in regards to your items, do you have any questions or concerns besides the estimate like for this move these things heavy?
Shaun Harris: They're mostly just awkward. Requires two people to carry. Yeah, it, it's, it, it's like you know, I need a, a, a mattress moved to the garage. I need, a bookcase moved to, to bookcases moved like dining table, you know, things like that. Just big stuff that are bigger than one person.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay, I love that.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yes.
Shaun Harris: And there's about fifteen of them. If you got two you strong guys that's gonna take about 1520 minutes to get it done.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay. Let's see. I have the mattress. What sizes? Mattress?
Shaun Harris: It's clean.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay. So, we have the mattress, the bookcases dining room table. What else would we be moving?
Shaun Harris: Hang on, let me get a list here. So we have two book cases. We have the one at mattress we have a like a, a, a China cabinet, and then we've got it. It does not already broke it.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Does that one have glass in it?
Bri Boyce Newbro: Oh, okay.
Shaun Harris: And then I've got two cabinet, heights, blue cabinets and they're fairly heavy. They wave about fifty pounds a piece. I've got a love seat, I've got an IKEA bookcase, I've got a dining room, table chairs, I got a, a small sideboard, and a large or a, a vintage black cabinet weighs about a hundred pounds.
Shaun Harris: And I think that's it.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Hey, perfect.
Shaun Harris: Oh, and a ti couch from the back porch.
Shaun Harris: And that's it.
Bri Boyce Newbro: No boxes.
Shaun Harris: No boxes.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Right.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Then, just, so you know, our pricing is super simple, we just charge a hourly rate. So for.
Shaun Harris: Okay.
Bri Boyce Newbro: See, Wednesday, September 16th it would be an hourly rate of $208 for a 26 foot, two movers and a 26 foot box truck. I know you're not moving anything they bring the truck because they have all their supplies, so their Dolly's wraps, pads anything that they need to protect the items and moving them into the garage. Everything is included in that the routes, pads, gas truck to you, taxes and insurance, we don't have any hidden fees, just so you know, the way the clock works is the time starts as soon as we get on site and open that contract, you do then have us for as long as you need us. We do have a two and a half hour minimum. So I would, yeah.
Shaun Harris: Sure, sure.
Shaun Harris: Oh, okay.
Shaun Harris: That's way more than I need.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Yup, so, but.
Bri Boyce Newbro: I know. So, yeah, you may want to utilize them even more than, you know, other things around the house, that you want moved or things from room to room. You know, since you're kind of sounds like you're reorganizing a bit but I can send you just the email with the estimate just so you have it. And then let you know we do not have deposits to get on our schedule. And I don't know if these things are important to you. But just making sure when you are shopping around making sure that they have insurance to cover the items. We have a $2,000 insurance that covers up to like during the mood repair a place or reimburse for any accidental damages of your things as well. So, just keep that in mind but I will go ahead and send this over to you and if you do change your mind and want to get on our schedule and give us a callback or just send us an email.
Shaun Harris: That.
Shaun Harris: Yeah, I'm not.
Shaun Harris: Okay, that'd be good, that'd be good.
Shaun Harris: Okay. Alright, well, okay.
Shaun Harris: Okay, thank you. Alright you too, bye-bye.
Bri Boyce Newbro: Alright. Thanks Sean have a good rest of your weekend.