REP: Cameron Klepac
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6078628736049152
DURATION_MIN: 7.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-10 17:30 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Cameron Klepac', 'Shelbe Riley']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Shelbe Riley: This is Shelby.
Cameron Klepac: Hi, good afternoon, this is Cameron with I Vivi company. I'm the field manager here at the San antonio branch. How you doing today?
Shelbe Riley: Good, how are you?
Cameron Klepac: Doing fine. Thanks for asking. I, the reason I'm calling is I spoke to Richard and it sounds like that job was, was going a little longer than anticipated, so I just kinda wanted to jump on top of that, you know, beforehand and offer to reduce the hourly rate for, for both movers. On the second two, or on the third, the second, the third day down to the same rate as today. Cause our standard rate over the weekend is gonna be $103 and then our value days up $96 per hour approver. So I wanted to drop it down to the $96 prior promo for the second and third day to kind of, you know, alleviate some of the price issue there.
Shelbe Riley: Yeah.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay. Yeah, cause you the original quote, I requested packing and moving.
Shelbe Riley: And so I'm thinking my, like, my original quote was for everything. So, not only is it the additional guy but it's also the additional day of packing that I had not anticipated at all.
Cameron Klepac: Yes ma'am.
Cameron Klepac: Okay. Yes, ma'am, I apologize for that the, yeah, I guess there's a, a drop the communication there the original day or with the original quote.
Shelbe Riley: So I'm not sure like what's.
Shelbe Riley: Yeah, so what is the total total now of the entire move?
Cameron Klepac: So they're a vis quote, let me see, let me just add it pulled up.
Cameron Klepac: Give me one second.
Cameron Klepac: Mm-hmm.
Cameron Klepac: The revised quote, they added packing services in that pack you know, starting packing day had you totaled at.
Shelbe Riley: Mm-hmm but every time that's.
Cameron Klepac: $6,434.
Shelbe Riley: We don't have enough. Okay, say, say that again.
Cameron Klepac: The revised quote that we sent you on September 8th that included the packing day that had your total at $6,434.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, and what do you think it is now?
Cameron Klepac: Now it would be hard to say.
Cameron Klepac: It depends how long this first day goes for Richard. It sounded like you wanted to do a lot of packing today. And since they have a third guy, they also wanted to start on loading up the trucks. That way they can get a head start on tomorrow as you know, as quickly as possible. I would just send going over that but also decreased I wanted to decrease hourly rate on the second two days. To alleviate that I'd like to keep this as, as close to, you know, the estimate as possible. And if it, if it continues to go, if it con seems to go higher than anticipated then I'll, I'm gonna stay on top of it and I'll make further you know considerations as, as need be. But I promise you I'm not, not throwing all the address I have your back and I want this to go smoothly.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, yeah, yeah, okay.
Shelbe Riley: Yeah, yeah, that would be great.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, yeah, cause it is, yeah, it is literally a two bedroom townhome. So, yeah, okay.
Cameron Klepac: Yes ma'am.
Cameron Klepac: Okay. Well, you have any questions, comments, concerns for me right now we're on the phone.
Shelbe Riley: No, no, that's all.
Cameron Klepac: Okay. Alright. Sounds good. I was wondering if you're open to it if not, it's alright but Richard is wanting to get a third guy just for the load up tomorrow, if you're okay with that we can assign a third mover. However I think you'll be getting by just fine with the two guys. It's entirely up to you.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay. Gotcha. They're probably just wanting to like not leave as late as what they were like, getting up to Fort Worth, you know, after.
Cameron Klepac: Right.
Shelbe Riley: 5:00 or six so does that get into like overtime savings by adding the third guy or how was that? How does that work?
Cameron Klepac: No, no, it just it just gets the date make sure the day goes by faster, make sure the guys get on the road and Arent getting to for worth, too late.
Shelbe Riley: Gotcha, but the only two guys are be going to forth still and unloading here.
Cameron Klepac: Yes, ma'am. Only, yes, ma'am we would pick the third guy up but once the load was finished, they wouldn't be going to Fort Worth.
Shelbe Riley: Okay. So if what would be the estimate of adding the third guy?
Cameron Klepac: The third guy would increase the rate by $96 per hour and I would assume. What would estimate that loaded to be with third guys probably about, about three and a half to four hours is what would put, what I would put it at but it also is gonna depend on how much the loading the team actually gets done tonight as well. So, yeah, I would have about three or four hours with another.
Shelbe Riley: Yeah. Okay. What, so what, so what's the difference so 96 versus what was, what is it with you guys?
Cameron Klepac: Two guys together is currently $192 and then it would add $96 to that.
Shelbe Riley: Oh, it would be $96 times four hours. Okay, so it'd be an additional $40,400 for the additional guy. Okay. Okay.
Cameron Klepac: Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. The load one to four hours and.
Cameron Klepac: Yes, ma'am. It would the third, the third guy would bring down the time of it. But, yeah, that's the, you know, the base look at it would be, it would increase the about, you know $40.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, so, so then they would need to save two hours of work for it to break even. Okay, did they think it's gonna save two hours of work? Is that what they're anticipating?
Cameron Klepac: Yes, ma'am, essentially.
Cameron Klepac: I have, yes, that's kind of what they're anticipating. I honestly think that it'll, it'll go just fine with the two guys. Like if you want my personal opinion I would just talk with the two guys but it's hardly up to you. And I just wanted to float that option, just because, you know, Richard wanted that option to, to floated.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, okay.
Shelbe Riley: Yeah.
Shelbe Riley: I guess go ahead and add that guy I just want them to be very careful with everything so if they think it's gonna make sure that everything's handled pretty delicately then yeah, okay, exactly. Yeah, so that's fine I would rather give them some help and assistance and have them you know just handle everything with more tear.
Cameron Klepac: But it definitely, it definitely does help, you know, leviate some of that pressure with the have to handle so many items per person.
Cameron Klepac: Okay, yes, ma'am.
Shelbe Riley: Mm-hmm.
Cameron Klepac: Alright I'll get a guy assigned to it and like I said it will be dropping down the early mm-hmm.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, and yeah, if you'll just communicate that to them that if just, yeah, they'll just that I'm doing this on with the anticipation that everything will be very handled very carefully. Okay.
Cameron Klepac: Yes, ma'am of course.
Cameron Klepac: And then yeah, I'll, I'm gonna keep a close eye on this. Is it on folds and if anything else comes up I'll make sure to get right in contact with you.
Shelbe Riley: Okay.
Shelbe Riley: Okay, wonderful thank you so much. Okay, mm-hmm, bye-bye.
Cameron Klepac: Mm-hmm yes ma'am. No problem mm-hmm goodbye.