REP: Chris Beattie
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5382342122708992
DURATION_MIN: 9.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 16:44 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Chris Beattie', 'Debra Wyatt']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Chris Beattie: Alright, we this is Chris. How can I help you?
Debra Wyatt: Hi Chris my name is Deborah Wyatt, you guys did a move from me end of a August. And we now need to move my mother-in-law to where we are. So I wanted to call and schedule that.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Okay, what day you're looking at done?
Debra Wyatt: I'm sorry.
Chris Beattie: What date were you looking to get it get moved or get her moved?
Debra Wyatt: I was hoping you guys could pack her on the twelfth and mover on the thirteenth cause it's about a two hour drive.
Chris Beattie: Okay, the twelfth and thirteenth of this. Like this weekend.
Debra Wyatt: Oh, no. October, sorry.
Chris Beattie: Okay. Okay. Okay, you're good. Okay, and what should I so that you're good to send you so I can put Deborah whet as the name on the job or the con, the profile or okay. And then what's a good email for you?
Debra Wyatt: I didn't mean to hear you.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah, that's fine.
Debra Wyatt: Deborah, D-E-D-R-A the letter K. And W-Y-A-T-T. @gmail.com I should be in your system cause you all just moved up.
Chris Beattie: Yeah, for, for sure. I was just making sure and then what's the address is removing her from and two.
Debra Wyatt: From you're moving her 8406 emerald hills way and that's in north Riston hills 7618 oh.
Chris Beattie: And.
Chris Beattie: I gotcha.
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm and then the address you're going to.
Debra Wyatt: 4413 county road 4660 and that's in Winnsboro, Texas. Mm-hmm two E. N in it. 75494.
Chris Beattie: Winnsboro, gotcha.
Chris Beattie: Alright.
Chris Beattie: Gotcha. Okay, and then the Emer hills way it is or are we moving packet and moving the whole house?
Debra Wyatt: Yes, she lives in a senior independent living. She has two it's like a condo.
Chris Beattie: Oh, is it, is it an apartment? Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah, it's like a condo it's real easy to get in and out, it's one story.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah, it's half of a duplex.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: I gotcha. So, one bedroom, two bedroom.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah, she has two beds, Chester drawers in one, no appliances and boxes and that's pretty much it. So fun and a and a cherry TV.
Chris Beattie: So we be packing up like the kitchen and closet and decor basically.
Debra Wyatt: Now we wanted you guys to pack.
Chris Beattie: Oh, correct. So two beds and dresser test drawer self, a chair, TV is there like a kitchen or dining table?
Debra Wyatt: There's a small dining, it's just a two person table and then her kitchen it's not huge she doesn't have a ton of stuff.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Open twenty.
Debra Wyatt: Twenty, my husband said it when we moved through there, it all fit in a 28 foot trail truck.
Chris Beattie: I got you. Yeah. It's about the size of our trucks we I would expect him to go outside of one truck. Okay, and then, yeah, the mo, the Winnsboro location. That's a house.
Debra Wyatt: Yes.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Yeah, if we're doing the packing because it's about a two it says a 137 miles about two hours and sixteen minutes give or take to get from hills to your house and then so with the drive, it'd probably be something where we would pack and load everything in one day obviously and then keep it locked on our truck overnight at our Fort Worth office and then drive and unload the following day. Does that sound pretty much a you envisioned?
Debra Wyatt: I was hoping you all could pack it on that Monday and then load it and bring it on Tuesday.
Debra Wyatt: If that's not how it needs to work, if that's not how it needs to work I just need the plan for her to go ahead and come here and stay with us.
Chris Beattie: Okay, yeah, we can definitely do that too. What's that?
Chris Beattie: Oh, no, I mean we can do it that way too. Either way you're.
Debra Wyatt: So we can work it, we can do it either way. I just need to know, so I can plan it out.
Chris Beattie: I always just the packing portion itself of packing prep and everything would probably only take anywhere from like four to five hours. If that's maybe not even that. So we could definitely do it that way where they pack and prep everything in, in the following day. They low drive and unload for sure if that's how you want to do it.
Debra Wyatt: Okay. Yeah, that'd be great.
Chris Beattie: Okay, let me, give me just a sec. Kind of why while, while I build this out just so I can give you more of a precise estimate just I'm gonna have to add a, add a date to it and give me just a sec. So the first you're talking about you said we'd be packing and prepping on the 12th of October and then moving on the thirteenth.
Debra Wyatt: Sure, no problem.
Debra Wyatt: Yes.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Give me this, so basically I mean our pricing, you probably know if we moved you know, all that works, it's an hourly rates. If it's two man team, it's $97 or $97 per hour per mover.
Chris Beattie: And then I think thirteenth to be, yeah, the same so both days, if the two man team maybe $194 an hour and that's just gonna be cover the time it takes to do the packing, and prepping and then obviously the second day the loading up driving there and unloading there is an additional transportation fee to get the guys and truck back the market which would be $672, that's just a one time fee. And then the only additional cost of the hourly and a transportation fee would be the packing materials. It sounds like, there'll be the about a two bedroom worth probably anywhere from like $1.01505 million and packing materials, you charge only for the materials actually used.
Debra Wyatt: Bye.
Debra Wyatt: And she has question. She has quite a few boxes probably twenty or thirty that I took to her from my mood. Can they use those first?
Chris Beattie: But yeah, for the first day to.
Chris Beattie: Go ahead.
Chris Beattie: Oh, yeah, they can definitely use those first, so you're spending lesser. The boxes are fairly Minal outside of ward row boxes but yeah, I would probably guess it's gonna take, you know, anywhere from like four to six hours through the pack and prep everything. Obviously if she's staying there then they wouldn't, you know, disassemble or prep the bad or anything. If that's what needed to happen and then the following day, it'd be more of a generally locally a two bedroom move. Like this from a first floor to a house takes anywhere from the 5:00 or six at 4:00 to six hours, you add in the two and a half hour drive and so be close to a full day eight hours or so.
Debra Wyatt: Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah.
Debra Wyatt: Yeah, yeah, it was before when they moved me. Yeah.
Chris Beattie: Yeah.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: In eight hours on the second day to load drive and unload, and then a two man team, five hours to pack and prep everything. The first day you'd be looking at a total estimate, including a transportation fee and estimate $150 in packing the trails as $3,344. But ultimately you pay for the time use in fifteen minute increments. So if they get it done quicker the first and, and, or the second then you're paying less. We try to, you know, shoot conservatively. So the only surprise is you're paying less Ted but yeah, I would anticipate it take about five hours for packing prepping and then eight hours for the move give or take, and you'd be looking at a total around $3,300 if it hits the full five and eight hours on both days.
Debra Wyatt: Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Right.
Debra Wyatt: Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Got it.
Chris Beattie: Okay, did you want to go ahead and book it ten for those days or? Okay, so I'll book it, I'll book it for like I said, I'll book the pack and prep for Monday, the Tel October 12th with an 8:30 arrival time for the crew and then the same for the following morning and have the same crew loaded all up drive to your house and unload, and then I'll send you a confirmation email with all those details and we should be good to go for those dates. If any changes on your end, you can call, text or email us otherwise we're all set and we won't check-in until we get closer to move day. Just to confirm anything once more.
Debra Wyatt: Yes, yes.
Debra Wyatt: Okay.
Debra Wyatt: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Chris Beattie: Alright, thanks Deborah, we'll talk to you soon.
Debra Wyatt: Okay, bye-bye.
Chris Beattie: Alright.