REP: Chris Beattie
BRANCH: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6291150374215680
DURATION_MIN: 23.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 20:33 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Andrew Maclean', 'Chris Beattie']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Chris Beattie: Hey, Andrew, this is Chris with Einstein Moving Company. How are you?
Andrew Maclean: Good, how are you today?
Chris Beattie: I'm doing great. So I know you've been in communication with our customer experience team just about potential damage claims and all that I was asked to give you a call. I kind of talked to him about the situation. I believe you want to just to talk to me just about to move it. Also just about the payment and the invoice and everything. Did you want me to just get into the as far as the travel fee and the stuff that they'd probably talk to you about or did you just have specific questions around that?
Andrew Maclean: So, let's table the damages I wanna square like I wanted to speak and, and I'll send it in through the proper, proper channels. I've been traveling a ton this week so I haven't had a chance to like take pictures and send all the receipts. I'll do that over the weekend. What I'm concerned about is when I look at the invoices and then I look at my credit card bill. It's about a $2,700 difference and.
Chris Beattie: Okay, for sure.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Is that Ron?
Andrew Maclean: Sorry.
Chris Beattie: Oh, nothing. What is it $2,700 difference in what the invoice is showing what you paid?
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, so, so like, I'm looking like the invoice for the third moving truck $2,646 it matches perfectly with my credit card and I see it includes the overnight fee that the first two trucks forgot to charge of the $1,056. I'm good with that, I'm good with the first pack day for trucks one and two that's the $3,389.
Chris Beattie: Correct.
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Andrew Maclean: My question is and where I, there's a discrepancy is for September 2nd trucks. One and two. For the move, you charge me five it's, the invoice says $5,126 but then my credit card says $7,828 and I'm like, what's the $2,702 difference?
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: That's.
Chris Beattie: That's for, let's.
Andrew Maclean: Cause it seems like I was overcharged there.
Chris Beattie: So, you got charged for both the second and third day on the third day for the two truck crew so the fifty so they unloaded, they loaded up on the two trucks drove their state overnight. And the contract for that day was the fifth, the $5,000 or hold on a sec. The first amount you listed, does that make sense? So then on the third, correct, and that's what it shows on the invoice so and then on the third day is when they actually collected payment. Which combined the 2nd of September that day where they loaded, say it overnight and the final day where they unloaded.
Andrew Maclean: 5126, yeah.
Chris Beattie: That come by that payment.
Andrew Maclean: So, what you're saying is the 2702 was the third day unloading for both trucks?
Chris Beattie: Correct, not including the third one that ran their own separate contract.
Andrew Maclean: Okay, I tell you that wasn't on the invoice so I'm like, what's like, why isn't this match?
Chris Beattie: Well there's, you should have. So you actually have three invoices for four total. You have one for the, you or no, you should have five total, actually, no, no, sorry, you said four total, three for the two truck crew. The pack prep day would you paid out that day the second one for what the total amount is for the second day on the second and then a third one for the two truck crew to unload. And then the fourth one would be a separate one. For the other crew they came in the third, the third truck.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, I'm looking at all of them.
Chris Beattie: The twenty, the 25, the 25.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, I show 33 in my inbox.
Chris Beattie: Okay, what the one I can see there's two on the you received two on the third then one on the second and then one on the first. So you should have total of four, I'm looking at all four of them.
Andrew Maclean: I'm sorry. Which day was the two on, on the second?
Chris Beattie: But he, the two is on the final day because you, it was the final invoice for the two truck crew that was initially on the first two days and then a second closed contract invoice for the extra third truck gab and Noa did picked up whatever was left it moved it all and unloaded it all in the same day. So there's two, you received one at 2:23 PM on the third, that was for the two truck crew and then there was another one that went to your email at 4:27 PM about an hour later there was four just gave a Noa on the third truck.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, yeah.
Andrew Maclean: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Now, what Stephanie was, okay, what Stephanie is explaining to you is basically, the second day should have been hourly total to load up. Drive to Austin and then stay overnight, it's $240 per truck for the overnight fee. Now the reason it's a little confusing our invoice and there's no way this is just how it looks on the invoice but it was expressed in the confirmation and quoting emails that we sent you before the, before the move is the overnight fee is $240 per truck. The transportation fee is $1,056 per truck. So if you look at the original quote that I actually sent you not the one there for the three day think pack and move as well as the confirmation email when it was booked there should be a two, a total of a $480 or what it will say. Transportation fee on the invoice that's $240 per truck. That's for the overnight fee.
Andrew Maclean: I found the fourth one now I see it.
Chris Beattie: It should have been just like it is on the final invoice you got for the one, the two man team, the, what, the third day and the third is where the discrepancy is, it shows $480 again. Not sure how that happened. It doesn't show that in our system but technically the travel charge for the two truck crew on the third, that third and final invoice for the truck crew shift said $2,112 not $480, cause it should have been $1,056 per truck. Just like it was for Gavid, Noa the extra crew. So in other words your total travel fee or travel charge for the third day should have been $1,056 times three, which is $3,168, you paid the $1,056 for the extra crew and then only $480 you basically pay the overnight fee again and it should have been it should have been $2,112 not $480 on the third invoice that you got, the final one for the three day move. Does that make sense?
Andrew Maclean: You kinda lost me there. We might have to walk that through through again. But so, so before we do that might go, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Chris Beattie: Alright, alright so, so basically what happened the second. Okay.
Chris Beattie: Oh, it say, say, so the second the invoice you got on the second September 2nd where they stayed overnight. If you notice on the invoice it shows $480 for the travel charge. What that $480 is, is the overnight fee, it's $240 per truck. So 240 times two trucks is $480. Now. If you look at the invoice for the two truck, four man crew on the third, the third invoice you got for two truck for the original crew it says again under travel charge $480. So they charge you for the way lesser overnight fee on two consecutive days.
Chris Beattie: The travel charge on the September 3rd invoice for the two truck crew with cruise and crawfish and Mel and onto that should have said $2,112 under the travel charge line out of not $48 cause the $480 is, it is the overnight fee $240 per truck. The travel charge for getting the guys, the trucks back into Dallas is $1,056 per truck. So times two that equals $2,112. So instead of paying the $2,112 for that two truck, four man team on the fin final day you paid $480 again instead of the $2,112.
Chris Beattie: But if you and you can see.
Andrew Maclean: You, you've lost me Chris and maybe, it's because it's a lot late on a Friday but so, so the overnight fee is $480, the transportation fee between the city is $1,056. And that's one way, is what you're saying, which I, that's what you're telling me.
Chris Beattie: Correct for two fucks.
Chris Beattie: For.
Chris Beattie: No, no, the $1,056 it's $1,056 per truck. Yes, so that's why when no one gave that the extra crew did their move and I did a separate invoice. Their travel charge says $1,056 is one truck. The two truck crew should have charged the same travel fee only times two, cause there are two trucks. It's per truck. So $1,056 times two is $2,112. So that third invoice for, for Calvin dea Alonzo and cruise, where they unloaded and drove back the travel chart should not have been 48 it should have been $2,112 they charge you, they mischarged, you, they just charge you for the travel fee or sorry, the overnight fee amount which is $48,240 per truck.
Andrew Maclean: So, here's my question. Like, when I reach out to you and I'm like, okay, here's the square footage of the place for renting. We have a ten by twenty storage unit and.
Andrew Maclean: You told me that's two trucks and then it ends up being three trucks. Like I just wear that. There's no like accountability on your end for mis calculating that.
Chris Beattie: No, I mean, definitely there we couldn't fit it all in two trucks. Then that was, that is a mistake on our end. They didn't see the storage dude, we, the notes we have on that is a ten by fifteen on the second floor loading all of it, it's pretty full. So we now you don't necessarily have to wear it. In the sense of we didn't charge you for the transportation fee for two full trucks or two trucks to get back into market. Which is why I hadn't reached out to you about this what, where, when it has come up is based around that but also the washer situation, we can take accountability for that.
Chris Beattie: Once once you get the details the picture just because my understanding after talking to the crew is we loaded up at the washer which was in the storage unit. I don't know who loaded it in there or how long it's been there and then we loaded last and then unload it first and so if something happened within the washer from just getting it onto the truck. And out of the truck, they're generally is going to be some sort of physical damage. If they, the only way that could happen would be just to, cause all they do, the, all they're doing is wrapping it and Dilling. Into the truck, correct? And then Dilling it from the truck. So if there's something where they ran into south or dropped it or whatever the case, that's certainly possible I'm assuming my understand is that didn't happen but there's something it sounds like from what I've gathered from talking to customer experience team to the damage to the washers, just the spin cycle is running and it's not stopping or not running directly but there's no actual, physical damage to the washer or is it, is it more than that, is there something on the washer it looks like something got hit or charge or caused issues within the washer.
Andrew Maclean: The back panel, one of the tabs is like popped out and like they, it's less than two years old it was running fine when it got loaded in there. Like I watched it go into the storage unit and there was like nothing wrong with it. And it's like fairly new, like it's not like fifteen years old, or something like the warranty like just went up on it, but.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Andrew Maclean: What, like, the place I'm coming from is I think you all quoted me like $9,000. I paid like $14,000 and I've got a broken elevator in my home and a broken washer and a, a young child. And my wife has stressed out with the move and wants to be able to do laundry and is asking why our elevators broken. And like, you all are like telling me like undercharged me, and I'm like trying to square the bill, trying to get our things fixed, and just trying to understand like why those and I, and I think I'm clear on like how you all charge me but I'm like, okay, so like I paid $5,000 more than quoted and like, I'm just supposed to wear that.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: For sure.
Chris Beattie: I mean, ultimately, the third truck if the third truck should have been quoted for the third truck. I mean that there's the third truck you paid for. You got everything in the third truck. So, instead of having three trucks from the get go you had two trucks we added a third truck. So, yeah, that definitely wasn't intentional. It's never, no, you're not supposed to wear that but if we needed three trucks then the quote would have been higher from the beginning obviously if we quote out for three trucks now I understand what you're saying that we said.
Chris Beattie: Two trucks would do it, so your understanding it was, it would be an X. amount with a two truck crew. We end up having to use a third truck to get everything and so you ultimately would have had to pay for a third truck. But we didn't set that expectation correctly so that, and that wasn't intentional, obviously. And then when I talked to the crew when they packed and prep everything the first day I even asked specifically, is everything going to be good but at that point I think all they had seen where maybe pictures or video of the storage unit and what we're loading and so it was just a miscalculation on their end.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, it showed them a picture.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, I will, I went over there and took a picture and, and, and, and like listen the guys were super respectful overall, I think they did a, a very good job but I'm like, alright, I had, like, nu number one it was.
Andrew Maclean: You know what? There 3540 percent higher than expected and now I have like a couple of broken things and I'm like, hey, like, I'm a little frustrated with that if that makes sense.
Chris Beattie: As much more.
Chris Beattie: For sure. No, I understand so what I can do after, I mean, I, you're not being any sort of way and you're being very patient about. So, I understand and the washers, obviously, I wasn't aware of the elevator issues I think the customer experiencing where they're coming from. And I agree with them is ultimately.
Chris Beattie: Just if you could send more details and pictures about the washer, we take responsibility, we have the customer experience even place for that reason. We don't ever want to skirt any sort of anything and damaged during your move that was caused by our guys. So, if they damage, elevator and damage the washer we just need I guess, a little more clear clarity around.
Chris Beattie: What got damaged and just because it is I mean we've been this stuff happens washers get damage appliances do the elevator is obviously a different sort of scenario but if they can get details metal that we can work with you to get all that stuff resolved. Now as far as that and I did bring that up with the customer experience team cause I remember when the move happened and all this the kind of the audible had to happen this is definitely a case where we should have set better expectations and had a third truck on it just so you if it was gonna take that then you would have a better idea of what the month the cost was going to be if we ultimately sent three trucks as opposed to to cause you ended up having to pay for three trucks regardless but the expectation beginning was it that not that was not going to have to happen and so that is as a clear miss on our part. So I think basically at this point what I wanna do is just get the details and the pictures or whatever you can do I understand the inconvenience about the washer if you can get that to us then they I will just relay to the customer experience team that we're gonna work.
Chris Beattie: And do what we can with the washer and the elevator. We're not going to get the payment for the transportation fee they missed because one that's a mischarge on our guys. They only charge for part of it, that's on them and also two just a discrepancy between what ended up having to take versus what's your quoted? So, I totally see your point on that. I've, we really aren't ever trying to going back and forth. Yeah.
Andrew Maclean: The guys are good. I think between the group I gave them like $600 cash like I was happy with the move and then like as I'm peeling back the onion and looking at things I'm like, okay, this didn't go right? And this doesn't make sense to me. And it should. So I can get you more information over the weekend on the elevator in the washer but with Stephanie out next week, like who should I be speaking with or who should I expect to reach out?
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: So.
Chris Beattie: Have you all been communicating via email or also phone and email? Yeah, you could. Okay. Yeah, if she's out that we have multiple people on the customer experience team. Carly, Stephanie JC, so, that they, anyone, we don't just leave it alone if she's out. So, when she, that's why she and you wanted me to call.
Andrew Maclean: Probably more phone some email.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, I'm just worried about starting over at SquareOne. And having to explain everything.
Chris Beattie: Oh, no, no, there's no, there won't be SquareOne cause we're all in the same loop. We have a pulse it's on our software like all the details and everything is discussed via phone or email is updated throughout so the whoever it is Carly or JC, they're gonna be, they can talk to you and have all the details that they need to keep going and not start a SquareOne, so if you can get that stuff I'm gonna let them know that I talked to and what I decided again we try to own everything as far as the quotes and what ends up happening I'm glad it was a relatively good experience. Sounds like outside of that having to add a third truck, an extensive amount to the cost is not ideal and never something we want to put any customer through so that misses entirely on us and more, more even more so on me. I'm the branch manager I'm, the one that talked to I should have.
Andrew Maclean: Okay.
Chris Beattie: I think I don't know what I was thinking honestly cause I listened to our calls and so I've been with ein years it wasn't a Bain switch thing so we'll leave the transportation fee alone just because we should have had it on three trust to begin with. So, you knew what you're getting into potentially if you wanted to go with us, that's totally on us. So I'm not going to worry about that and then ultimately you are paid out for everything we did send minus that which I'm gonna to that I don't want you to have to pay for the transportation fee as a compensation for misquoting it's entirely. So, I'll let them know that I'm leaving a.
Andrew Maclean: One of the things that I was looking at and I was looking at another provider as well is I was surprised how little insurance coverage that you all have and I was also like, I forgot what the initial quote was. Let's say it was $9 or ten grand.
Andrew Maclean: I was also surprised that like, the cost difference that like, was quoted to me by them. And by you all and I've used you all in Austin before for moves from apartments to house. Or house to house. And so I had a good experience in the past but like, yeah, that's like, part of the reason I went with you all as well. Cause you were quoting me a number and they were quoting me a number that was almost two X. with the insurance, and I was like, alright, like, when the guys get here I'm gonna tell them that like, don't break my piano and don't break this piece of art. And they took good care of that stuff, but a couple of other things popped up.
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: Yeah, I, I don't doubt there like, I don't know what it looks like for out of town moves and stuff or other companies but I know that are most, pretty much every other company, or most companies either pay extra for the insurance or you. They go by the 60¢ per pound per article the D-O-T required which is just pen he's on $1 compared to the damage cause VoIP coverage we provide which is included in hourly rates and that's up to $2,000 per move. Now. We did, we generally stick to that, but because how we do things and how we protect things the damages any damage that do occur generally don't amount to that much regardless it's not like a full, always a full replacement there's repair there's settlements. So our customer experience team is gonna work with you on that. I don't have the quotes one of the.
Andrew Maclean: So.
Andrew Maclean: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: Companies, but I know that our insurance coverage although it sounds like you know, if you have expensive items that it's not and day better than almost every other company, if not every company, just because most are going by the 60¢ per pound which is basically nothing say you're $2,000 TV $2,000 TV bikes but only ways like £40 then you're kind of up a creek if we break it cause you're just getting 60¢ per pound but that's obviously the digressing I just missed quoted it. I should have quoted for three trucks if we're getting a full fifteen by ten plus a 2300 square foot townhome oftentimes town homes can have the square footage but not quite the amount of stuff that's a like just a StraightUp single family home has a square footage, the square footage spread spread out. We should have dug. I should have dealt deeper into the actual inventory or done a virtual walkthrough. So again all that especially going out of town need to make sure we had the correct or just to get everything from the storage and.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah.
Andrew Maclean: Yeah, I got you.
Chris Beattie: The townhome and so that is on me and on us and so that's why I want to work with you on that regard not, not in multi not charged for the transfer. You did pay the transportation fee for the third truck but you're still coming on top in that regard you did have to pay for a third truck but it's basically a $1,600 and change difference of what's technically you should have been paid based on Ainy three trucks out of town with the miss on the transportation fee and then out but outside of that we're going to do we have to, to resolve issues with the washer and elevator and they will do that in full force regardless of what.
Andrew Maclean: Okay, let, let me work on that and we'll connect next week. I just, yeah, it's been after you're taking a week off to move and then like travel this week and travel coming up next week if I don't do it this weekend it'll, it won't get done. So let me work on that and then we can reconvene next week and figure it out.
Chris Beattie: Okay, I mean ultimately really I think all they want is more details about the elevator and then I think is as far as the washer just pictures. And then I guess whatever the text report was just so we can figure out exactly what's wrong and what we need to do from there to fix everything.
Andrew Maclean: I'm trying to track down the elevator company. The guy came out and he's like, hey I can't fix it today, I need to get parts and I'll come back and they never like emailed me like an, an invoice. I'm like what he was quoting or like an estimate rather, so I put a call into them yesterday, in today and hopefully they get back to me today. But I'll keep working on that and get you the washer info but, and then we can go from there.
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: Okay and I'll make sure that whoever it is if it's not Stephanie and someone else will be in touch with you immediately in, in relation all that as it comes in and if anything I can talk to, and then kind of be the go between and I'll let them know that I talked to you about the cost, and all that stuff, and what I've decided and then they will do what they can to resolve any of the other issues they're outside of the estimate, or the bill, or anything like that.
Andrew Maclean: Okay.
Andrew Maclean: Okay, thanks Chris.
Chris Beattie: Alright, thanks so much. We'll talk to you soon.
Andrew Maclean: Bye-bye.
Chris Beattie: Alright.