REP: Danah 2Celestial
BRANCH: McKinney Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6541835778957312
DURATION_MIN: 11.5
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 16:56 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Danah 2Celestial', 'Katie Nguyen AB']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Katie Nguyen AB: College.
Danah 2Celestial: Hi Stein moving this is Dana. Can I have your name?
Katie Nguyen AB: Hi, my name is Katie.
Danah 2Celestial: Hi Katie, how can I help you?
Katie Nguyen AB: I received an email saying that I missed a call from you guys but I didn't get any call. So can you double-check if you have my phone number four, and also a schedule. Thank you.
Danah 2Celestial: Of course.
Danah 2Celestial: Let me see. Can I have your email address?
Katie Nguyen AB: Katie katienguyen.r . @gmail.com.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, thank you.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, yeah. It looks like we yeah, we try to call you book your move online, so we tried to call you. But the number say the number cannot be reached but the phone number that we have here is 541-200-5098.
Katie Nguyen AB: Oh, okay, that is my number. Do you know when you guys call cause I'm not seeing in my call log at all.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm most likely it won't show in your call logs because it did not go through, but we tried to call yesterday, around 2:30 PM and today, just a few minutes ago.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, yeah, I didn't get both of them. So I think this will be an issue because if you guys need to reach me phone or like I don't know anything how is.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm maybe, is there like a signal, maybe there's a signal issue there or do you have maybe another phone number that we can put in here just in case?
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, I'll put, it's not gonna be my number but it'll be someone else that will be with me on the moving day. Okay, perfect. I'm ready whenever you are.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. Yeah, we can put it here.
Danah 2Celestial: Yup, ready.
Katie Nguyen AB: 469-618-1783.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, 469-618-1783 correct.
Katie Nguyen AB: Yes.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, and what is the name?
Katie Nguyen AB: Alicia, A-L-I-S-H-A.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, thank you. Alright, so, I'm gonna put in a note here to try Alicia's phone number as well just in case we don't reach you. And now that I have you on the phone, Katie. Let's can we go ahead and review your move details? Just to make sure everything's all set here and that the estimate is accurate.
Katie Nguyen AB: Yes, of course.
Danah 2Celestial: Alright, so first is your date, move date is October 1st Thursday, so it's in the morning, the starting address is 7777 Adelide Street in Frisco, so you're coming from a one bedroom apartment on the second floor with elevator, correct?
Katie Nguyen AB: Yes.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. And do we have like an extra or a bonus from here like an, a study or an office besides the one bedroom.
Katie Nguyen AB: No, just the one bedroom.
Danah 2Celestial: Got it. Okay. And then what is the walking distance from where we can park the truck up to the elevator on the first floor.
Katie Nguyen AB: Well, if there's parking available, it will be bright in front so it will be like, I don't know, like, maybe 1015 feet, but if there's no parking that we'll have to park on the side, so it'll just be a little bit longer, yeah, so it just like, you'll go around the corner instead of going straight down to the set or the elevator and go out.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Uh-huh.
Danah 2Celestial: Got it.
Danah 2Celestial: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And what about the distance from the top from the second floor elevator to your unit?
Katie Nguyen AB: It's like down the hall, and. Oh, yeah, that's not very supposed to big okay, it down the hall, but it again I think about like ten to fifteen feet, not crazy amount.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. And then the items that we're moving for you. So, besides the standard furniture, is there anything that might be oversized or heavy like a safe or any exercise equipment?
Katie Nguyen AB: Oh.
Katie Nguyen AB: No! I only have a full, not full a queen bed and then TV stand, and then my couch. I don't even have a coffee table so it's not gonna be happy.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, and what about valuable or fragile items, like any artwork, any antique pieces or collection?
Katie Nguyen AB: No, those win, I do but I will be moving those personally. I'll do it myself before you guys get here.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, sounds good. And then are we gonna move major appliances fridge? Washer/Dryer.
Katie Nguyen AB: Nope, just the, yeah, just the 33 major things that I mentioned earlier just the three.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm alright. Okay. And then what about the boxes, so typically for one bedroom apartment, there's about fifteen to 25 boxes there. So are we gonna boxes for you if so would you think you're gonna fall within that range?
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm one.
Katie Nguyen AB: Do you guys have like a maximum boxes that you'll.
Katie Nguyen AB: Like you moved, yeah.
Danah 2Celestial: That we will move mm-hmm oh, no, there's no, there's no like limits. We just wanna know if maybe you have like a lot of boxes just so we can adjust the estimate accordingly.
Katie Nguyen AB: It's hard to say but I right now I think between fifteen and twenty.
Danah 2Celestial: I got it. Okay, okay. So I'm gonna put you within that range but just in case it's gonna, if it's gonna be like crazy amount of boxes you can just let us know so we can update your profile and your estimate if needed to but if it's just like within that rate or lower. Okay.
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm.
Katie Nguyen AB: Yeah, okay, yes.
Katie Nguyen AB: Yeah, I haven't packed yet so I was planning to like pack and then give you guys a call, give you like that update on like how much stuff I have.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, perfect! Yeah, that sounds good. Alright, and then you are moving into a house. It's at 3113 Britten Drive in Plano, so this is a one story house and I bought parking. Is there a driveway here that the trucking park or is it street parking?
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Katie Nguyen AB: There's bol so it'll be street parking and then the driveway as well. So, it's I guess it depends on like whatever convenient for them.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, perfect.
Danah 2Celestial: Got it. Okay, perfect. Alright, so we've got everything here so I'll quickly just quick do a quick rundown of the pricing then your estimate and I'll send the final confirmation email to you so you won't have to take notes, okay.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, I have a few questions.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah, go ahead.
Katie Nguyen AB: So, for protection, do you guys where you guys have like blankets and shrink grab and like whatever necessary to protect, like, the TV sand and the couch.
Danah 2Celestial: Yup. Everything that doesn't fit in the box, all the furniture, all the large items we have moving supplies, the blankets in the pads to protect them as well as for the TV. So we can wrap them. And we will also disassemble and reas them.
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm.
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, perfect.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, perfect, yes I saw that I mentioned the TV as well and then my bed is from ika would that be an issue cause I don't have the instruction in anymore.
Danah 2Celestial: Uh-huh oh, no. Oh, not at all, not at all. Our movers are trained to disassemble those and we have the complete tools as well, so you don't have to worry.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay. Okay, perfect. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Okay, and then for the couch is, is actually pretty good you can is sectional so you can break them so it'll be instead of one big, one big how you there'll be three pieces. Perfect. Great.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, perfect.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah. Okay, perfect. Alright. Okay. Okay, anything else?
Katie Nguyen AB: And then it, yeah, one last question. Is there like a minimum number of hours?
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Yes, we have a two and a half hour minimum.
Katie Nguyen AB: Oh, okay. That should be okay cause it's include the traveling distant in there as well, right? Oh, okay, okay. Oh, that's yeah, let's take a while, okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Yes, that's correct.
Danah 2Celestial: Alright.
Danah 2Celestial: No. Alright, perfect. So I'll do a quick rundown of the pricing then I'll send everything to your email. So the hourly rate is $204 for two movers. Everything's already included there, the gas and the truck taxes and insurance. Again, we will also wrap all of your furniture for protection when being moved and disassemble and reassembly as well. So there are no hidden fees. There are no credit card fees, no transportation fees, no sterle or elevator fees and notice assembly and reassembly fees, so it's only the hourly rate. Then we have the two and a half hour minimum for any move once we go over that. The time is prorated in fifteen minute increments.
Danah 2Celestial: And then estimate. So typically one bedroom apartment takes two and a half to three and a half hours to complete. Now. In your case, based on the details you shared, I would estimate your move to fall within that typical range. So for two and a half to three and a half hours with two guys you're going to be looking at around $51,014 to $714.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, got it. Yes, I'm fine with it because it's really up the, it's gonna come down to the day of moving how long it's gonna take like yeah, that's fine.
Danah 2Celestial: Alright.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm yes, exactly. That's correct. Alright, so I'll go ahead and send your final confirmation email. Now; just, double-check the addresses date and the time, just making sure everything's correct, then if you have any questions or any updates or changes, just give us a call, okay?
Katie Nguyen AB: Yes. So, on the day that they'll be here, will they give me a call?
Danah 2Celestial: Yes, also a few days before your move you will receive a meet your mover email just introducing the crew that will help you then on the day of, they will call you once they're on the way and I also noted that just in case we cannot reach your number, they will call Alicia.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay.
Katie Nguyen AB: Mm-hmm okay, perfect. And that. Okay, last question. The start time is when they're gonna start, not the appointment time, right?
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: That's correct the time we start once we get to your apartment and pick up the first item then the time will stop after we unload just reassemble everything into your new place.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay.
Katie Nguyen AB: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Danah 2Celestial: You're welcome. And you have a good one.
Katie Nguyen AB: Yeah, you too, bye.
Danah 2Celestial: Bye-bye.