REP: Daniel Behseresht
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6075249930575872
DURATION_MIN: 22.5
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-09 21:30 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Daniel Behseresht', 'Tobin Lim']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Daniel Behseresht: Hi, this is Daniel with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Tobin Lim: Yeah, Daniel. Hi my name is Tobly I'm doing your online quote and I'm up to number five and you need to go to number six but I'm stuck at this almost done page. Since you're moving involves packing services we'll need a human to put the finishing touches on your estimate. One of our friendly moving pros will reach out as a P. using the contact info you submitted and then it just stops there and so I can't.
Daniel Behseresht: The form.
Daniel Behseresht: Uh-huh.
Tobin Lim: Confirm I don't know if I'm even confirmed for the date I put in. So it just, it's, it stops me at before the number six to confirm anything. So I don't, I don't know what's been actually entered or not.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: No.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, all good. So all the information did come to me, I've got it here, it looks like it was Tobin as in Nancy, is that right? Okay, gotcha. Yeah, so that does go through, whenever it's kind of a too complicated for the system to process so you know, packing needs, it's just to kind of depend on the amount of packing need. So that is all usually handled by an actual rep but I do have the information requested. Date was Friday the eleventh, is that right?
Tobin Lim: Yes, uh-huh. Okay.
Tobin Lim: Okay.
Tobin Lim: Yes.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay. Let me see and then this was gonna be a one bedroom but the same complex packing moving, just changing floors. Is that right?
Tobin Lim: Yes.
Tobin Lim: Correct.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, so fortieth the fourteenth. Right.
Tobin Lim: So this should be, yeah, this should just be a few hours worth of work of actual moving easier said than done. I'm sure that's what everybody says and then it always, yeah, becomes double whatever but my friend in the building Raymond Kimins recommended you all and he was like, yeah, it was a no-brainer Stin, it great work. Give them a holler, they moved it everything within like two hours they were able to get my friend Raymond from one floor to the next. So I was like, damn, that's a no-brainer.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Daniel Behseresht: Hey.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Daniel Behseresht: Sweet. I mean, was it kind of the same situation with them like moving within the same complex sort of thing, a different floor. Nice.
Tobin Lim: Yeah, yeah, exactly. I guess you did this for them within the past couple of weeks or a week, two weeks, something like that.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm that. Yeah, that we, that's pretty common, honestly, for kind of like the same complex thing I would say for you just with the packing needs. So that was gonna be putting everything to boxes or just wrapping the furniture. What all did you need with that?
Tobin Lim: Just actually, not really much packing. I mean I'm just putting plates, existing plates in the coverage into boxes and just, I, that it's not like they're going a long way so they can just be put into little, not even necessary boxes, or just bins, and just move down. If that makes sense.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, typically if there was like a, yeah, if there was plates trying to wear that usually does want to get packed in a kind of a, a proper box just because of you know whatever vibrations, on a Dolly it's also kind of something that's pretty simple in a trip or two especially with the same complex but they do come out these large mover boxes or about five feet long, two feet wide, two feet tall. So they're kinda like huge, I guess like a word row box almost on it side usually just for putting whatever miscellaneous stuff in there maybe doesn't fit the box or maybe as it need to go in a box they can just do trips with those really just kind of just a shut shuttle. Most of the items but as I mentioned, usually fragile things you would want to pack in a box. So kinda curious, would it be like the kitchen or anything else that would be its specifically be packing or would there be anything be already in boxes, or was it kind of just be, you know a, as living state kind of walk into that.
Tobin Lim: Sure, great.
Tobin Lim: Mm-hmm.
Tobin Lim: There, there's, there's.
Tobin Lim: There's a lot of stuff already in Bens and boxes of the sort. The kitchen is the most. And it's not like, it's like valuable China wear, it's just regular, you know, Plano dishes, clots of pans and it's just for.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Tobin Lim: What for one person. So, it's not like it's some family of four where there's extensive kitchen wearing. Now. This is, this is just me. I'm a single guy, single guy. I do some cooking but I, I'm mostly out. So, yeah, the kitchen is not like some big family size kitchen where you know, I'm feeding a family of four. No, it's just me and it's a, it's 700 square foot apartment going to a 700 square foot apartment just on a different floor.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Alright, I understood.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, okay, understood.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, gotcha and that's kind of the nuances that the system wouldn't be able to pickup just by you know kind of having the general details that, that's kind of something that needs to be kind of a verbally stated. So that's always good to kind of talk through the details. God, that so for packing we do come out with all the boxes, paper tape that's needed for that. Those are charge a little bit over wholesale. Definitely better than retail and then you are only charged the actual materials needed. So you kind of being under the typical. Typically a one bedroom would be about $189 materials so that's.
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Daniel Behseresht: All your boxes, all your paper warder. Boxes. Probably as well the same complex. Typically we're not using as many resources just because as I mentioned, some of that can just be shuttle down in those large condo of boxes of the five foot long ones. So yeah, I would estimate if not underneath that $189 around that range for the actual materials needed which again, yeah, they come out with more than enough, but only charge for the actual one's needed, that's the only additional charge for the packing, actually putting stuff in the boxes. Everything else is just gonna be the time. So really kinda gauging, what's all coming with us? So for the one bedroom, was it like a queen bed, king bed was that look like?
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Tobin Lim: It's a.
Tobin Lim: Two full-size beds side-by-side so it's one of those. I don't know where one side elevates and like.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay. Adjustable kind of thing.
Tobin Lim: It, it's an adjustable bed but it's queen size.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, gotcha. Oh, yeah.
Tobin Lim: It, it's 222 twins basically stuck together.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, okay, gotcha. So it's two piece queen size. Gotcha.
Daniel Behseresht: And anything else in that room, dresser Isan.
Tobin Lim: Small dresser.
Tobin Lim: One couch.
Daniel Behseresht: You said. Okay, that was in the living room the couch.
Tobin Lim: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: Is the L. shaped or a sectional?
Tobin Lim: Yeah, just, just a regular couch.
Daniel Behseresht: Three seater. Okay.
Tobin Lim: Yeah, three cure couch.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay. We got the tall dresser, was there any like standing mirrors bookshelves any of these rooms?
Tobin Lim: There's a TV stand.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Tobin Lim: And it's on like a, on a dresser so to speak. A TV mounted on, I not mounted but a TV sitting on top of like a dresser entertainment stand. I guess that is what you would call it?
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, I ress your style that makes sense. Good there coffee table and side tables sort of things.
Tobin Lim: Yeah.
Tobin Lim: Yeah, one coffee table.
Daniel Behseresht: Any kitchen tables or dining area, stuff like that?
Tobin Lim: There is a kitchen table but that's not going kitchen table with chairs, that's not going.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Not going any patio stuff at all.
Tobin Lim: No.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay. And I would imagine all the wash fridge. Those are all staying?
Tobin Lim: Those are all in.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay. The couch TV stand, the coffee table we got the queen size adjustable, tall dresser or anything else you can think of any workout equipment. Anything else particularly large or heavy?
Tobin Lim: Nope.
Tobin Lim: Nope.
Daniel Behseresht: Gotcha. And then anything else particularly fragile, any larger picture frames, mirrors something like that.
Tobin Lim: The desktop computer.
Daniel Behseresht: Was that just like the monitor that is right? Okay, gotcha.
Tobin Lim: Yeah, that's it.
Tobin Lim: Would have been looking at.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: What was that?
Tobin Lim: What am I looking at?
Tobin Lim: Price-wise.
Daniel Behseresht: Oh, yeah, so we're completely time based. So that's why that inventory is the most important just kind of get an idea of, of what was talking with us as you mentioned kind of these like similar or same things. They're usually pretty quick just kind of depending on what's gonna handle one by you prior to us getting there, or what's all organized sort of thing. So the guys will be most efficient with just furniture just boxes. So us coming in need to pack a little bit things. Obviously we'll allocate a little bit of time for that. Whatever's already kind of prepped for us to go is going to be the quickest.
Daniel Behseresht: Excuse me so it is just gonna be the per guy early rate so for the Friday the eleventh it is the $110 per guy. So it's a $220 for the both of them. Everything is included in that is the fuel for the truck, the truck itself of the taxes and insurance for the move. As well as all the furniture, blanket shrink wrap and it always wheels to move everything. So the truck is brought out obviously don't need to use it for this actual move but again you're not charged for that is included and then that does come out with all the materials needed. So, yeah, the boxes and then everything else, the dollars, the wheels. Those large boxes that they mentioned for shuttling stuff usually it's about six of those five foot long boxes for shuttling and then there is a tool bag for this somebody reassembly. There's stuff like the bed frame or anything else that needs actual touch points for disassemble that is included.
Tobin Lim: Right.
Daniel Behseresht: We do not do any additional fees. The only fee on top would be the packing material cost as I mentioned. So the $189 typical I put you at like the $150 kind of estimated, that'd be the only cost outside of the time, and then there's no, yeah, credit card processing fees, taxes on top Stero. Fee, step fees change of inventory fees, it's really just the time and then that doesn't per damage coverage. So there is no worries damage coverage of your move that's over all the doors, floors walls of both locations as well as everything that we're moving as well as anything that we're packing. So for your packing any boxes that does take evaluation coverage over it, that's not per pound coverage that the state mandates, it's actual evaluation for the things for packing basically just saying we're taking ownership over anything that we're packing up as I mentioned over the actual furniture and the door source walls. At both locations. Our guys, they're not daily contract, do workers, they, we don't solve them out over the day, they are all hired in-house. Train in-house through a background check to please do send you an email, kind of introducing them to you so short buyers in the pictures to kind of use detentions of who's showing up a move date who you're working around, that sort of thing. Just base the ice on who they are a little bit and then a bigger one is we do have an on time guarantee that's just basically saying we're not gonna arrive outside of our arrival window. If we were ever late we would start discounting money of your final move just saying yeah, we're not gonna be hours centers late or just not show up cancel day of that is kind of a problem in the industry. We don't operate that way.
Tobin Lim: Mm-hmm.
Tobin Lim: Oh.
Daniel Behseresht: The clock does only start till we get there and begin working with you on site. So it's definitely nice with the same, same complex cause, yeah, you don't pay for us to drive out there or, or to drive back that operates over a two and a half hour minimum. Anything over two and a half hours. You're only billed in fifteen minute increments. So, you do only pay wherever we're landing within given hour the only thing for the actual time they move to take at the end of the day. Does that all kind of make sense so far.
Tobin Lim: Yup.
Daniel Behseresht: Cool, and then for this kind of estimate, so far one bedroom. Typically is about two and a half to three and a half hours to move. I would say for same complex, it's usually about on the lower and there are two and a half to three hours. It's a little bit of packing needs. I'd probably added a buffer about a quarter a half hour to a full hour. So, anywhere between three to four hours, what I, an estimate that is completely just based on what you need. So, that, again, that's putting us at two and a half to three for like a typical one bedroom and then having a full hour of packing if it was going to be the kitchen closets maybe a media center that needs packing up, whatever it is but you are only charged for the actual time needed before full four hours, that'd be a 1030 with the packing material, pack materials estimated in and then closer to three hours would be the 8:10. And then that minimum was the, let's see.
Daniel Behseresht: See, 550 plus the 150. So 700 would be the minimum. If it took a two and a half hours just basically, you had very minimal stuff. You already kind of packed and ready, or as you mentioned kind of Atish. You know, not, not too many things to pack. It went pretty quick in terms of the packing materials, that's kind of how we would flush out just based on the actual needs.
Tobin Lim: Gotcha. So my friend you did it, did his and he's got a lot more stuff than me end up getting out the door servers somewhere around $4 to $500. So I'm a little confused on.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, let me what was his last name possibly or?
Tobin Lim: Minsky Raymond, Commins A-A-M-I-N-S-K-I.
Daniel Behseresht: You might spelling that?
Daniel Behseresht: See.
Daniel Behseresht: I don't have a rain man, sorry, K-A-M-I-N-S-K-I or sorry? Oh, you said right?
Tobin Lim: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: There we go.
Daniel Behseresht: Let's see. Oh, you said this would have been pretty recent though, right?
Tobin Lim: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, yeah, I had one from 2024 so I, that might have been a possibly even just a previous move from him but.
Daniel Behseresht: Let's see.
Daniel Behseresht: Oh, in this one.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah. From what, from what I've got, I mean, I've, I've, have one in Houston. I don't know if that's it's probably just not the right one because it was a Austin, correct?
Tobin Lim: He lives both places.
Daniel Behseresht: Oh, he lives in Houston too or, oh, okay, it could have been that one then, let me.
Tobin Lim: Yeah.
Daniel Behseresht: So yeah, for, yeah, go ahead.
Tobin Lim: Let me ask the question a different way. I mean can I just book you guys for two hours.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, I see you definitely can do that for the actual need of the move. So there is a two and a half hour minimum which is the actually only difference, so.
Tobin Lim: Or two and a half hour minimum, that's fine.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, yeah, that's totally fine. So the understanding with that is that the guys will show up on site and I mean with probably more so like a minimalist department. They would show up and be like, okay, yeah, we're going to be fine for the two and a half hours, if this show up and obviously it's like a, you know, full, you know, you can fit a lot of stuff and any given square footage but they would communicate that on, on the actual onset of saying, oh, I don't think we'll be able to get everything in two and a half hours. We can focus on this but that's just kind of a caveat for you to understand that if there was, you know, for some reason three bedrooms stuff into the unit which I mean, from what we've talked about it's not that but it's just just kind of the understanding of, of if you were just like, going for like a certain timeframe but it is something they're pretty familiar with just working with a budget or whatever it is in terms of a actual timeline wise if that makes sense.
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Tobin Lim: So, just so you're aware I have the elevator reserved for a solid hour. Between, well, technically, two hours, but, no, I they're really stickler say an hour and a half between eleven and, and 12:30 is when I have the elevator.
Daniel Behseresht: Yup.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah.
Tobin Lim: And, so I was thinking.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, sorry. I heard 12:30. What was, what was the first number you said?
Tobin Lim: Oh, 11:00 to 1230.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay.
Tobin Lim: So, in my head if you all showed up, if I booked a two and a half hour minimum, if you all showed up an hour before eleven to get things packed and boxed up and then use the second hour and a half which is right the time for when I have the elevator scheduled for then we can start hitting the ground running. Does that make sense? Would that work?
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Daniel Behseresht: That's exactly right, yeah, yeah exactly. Yeah, I see a, a 10:00 AM start would put us pretty much at for two and a half hours Ness at 12:30, so that'd be fine the only.
Daniel Behseresht: Thing that I would probably say would be to maybe give us to like, the 9:30 start time just in case the guy show up and realize it's gonna be more. I mean, I guess with the same complex you could probably end up moving stuff after us if we just move the big stuff, so it's kinda just up to you. Okay, gotcha just checking. Alright. Yeah, that's okay. So, yeah, 10:00 AM on that Friday the eleventh and then it would be that is the 9:30 to 10:00 start time. Just depending on traffic but it's a thirty minute window so that we can get on site. Get it set up and everything like that and then get the move started closer to that actual start time and then, yeah, we don't do deposits going on the schedule. So I do have a morning there. Yeah, Friday the eleventh as I mentioned at 9:30 to ten we don't do any cancellation fees payments just taken at the end of the move with Ty card reader. So you have anything did come up to now move date, you just let us know we'd always kind of make updates based on the actual details and then yeah, obviously clear communication is going to be the best we have to move. But also on site just with the guys kind of communicating stuff.
Tobin Lim: Sure. Yeah, I can move stuff, yeah, I can move the small stuff afterwards.
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Tobin Lim: Sure.
Daniel Behseresht: I'll put in the notes, so you're kind of shooting for that two and a half just based on, you know, your own experience with the, with the actual, to move it. That's the time for the person that you know, with, with knowing that amount that's being moved and also just kind of the understanding of whatever budget you have.
Tobin Lim: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Okay, sweet. Well yeah, I can get that set up that'd be the Friday the eleventh at 9:30 to 10:00. And then definitely, let us know if anything's gonna change or if you have any other updates but I will send out that confirmation. I actually did just send you the meet your mover email that is automated. So I did send out already but yeah, any other questions for me while on the line?
Tobin Lim: I understand moving. I just saw your email and it's confirming it says 8:30 and nine.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, that was it.
Tobin Lim: Which is not the right time?
Daniel Behseresht: Oh, that's actually interesting. Yeah, it that was the meet your mover email. Actually wanted to check that if it's automated wrong. Let me check.
Daniel Behseresht: Knock twenty eight three and nine. It does say that yeah, I wonder if that's because of I'll check that on, on my side. I did just double send you the confirmation and that should say the proper 10:30 to ten.
Tobin Lim: Okay, so it'll be the correct time of ten.
Daniel Behseresht: Yup, there was a 10:00 to 1030 window, is what I had.
Tobin Lim: Okay.
Daniel Behseresht: Gotcha, perfect. Well yeah, if you think of anything else definitely give us an email or phone call. You have a good rest of your day.
Tobin Lim: And your name sir?
Daniel Behseresht: Daniel.
Tobin Lim: Daniel, thank you for walking me through it. You answered a lot of no, you answered all my questions about your workers. They're in-house people, they're not day labors, and they've already have background checks, so, yeah, we're good.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah. Hey, any other questions on the whole process or anything or.
Daniel Behseresht: Mm-hmm.
Daniel Behseresht: Yeah, no, and then that actually was, that email before was introducing you to them so they are all on our website so you can go and take a look at them. But yeah, just let me know if anything else comes up, you have a good rest of your day.
Tobin Lim: Alright, take care, bye-bye.