REP: Dustin Street
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6623265213161472
DURATION_MIN: 5.8
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 15:29 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Dustin Street', 'James Berumen AB']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Dustin Street: Hello, this is Dustin with Einstein moving.
James Berumen AB: Hey, good morning I had a call from Amy about setting up our move, the initial call I think is what it's called.
Dustin Street: Oh, okay. Let me reach out to her and see if I can get you transferred over to her real quick.
Dustin Street: What's a good first and last name for you?
James Berumen AB: James, bauman B-E-R-U-M-E-N.
Dustin Street: Alright, let's see here. You are moving from the 836 stratus path in new Bron, folls over to LaVern, Texas.
James Berumen AB: Yes sir.
Dustin Street: Gotcha.
Dustin Street: Alright, so being the size of your house we generally I can run through and get the information and then we would get a virtual walkthrough set up with you so that way we can tailor your estimate to move. Let me run through these details real quick and then we'll get that scheduled for you.
James Berumen AB: Okay.
James Berumen AB: Okay.
Dustin Street: Awesome. Move-in out of a 2200 single story home. How many bedrooms is that?
James Berumen AB: 33 bedroom two bath but it has a an office.
Dustin Street: Gotcha and then to get from the truck into that house, is it a pretty short easy walk?
James Berumen AB: It says right up the driveway, you have letter the 25202527 feet.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, do you have any special considerations for your move? These are usually heavier things like safe and pianos or delicate things like antique or class or marble furniture.
James Berumen AB: No, the Anees and so we'll be moving ourselves. The only stuff that I have that is big, would be a 72 inch toolbox and then a weight system and then a treadmill. That's the biggest items.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, wait, system and then that weight system is that like a cable pully system.
James Berumen AB: Yeah, it's a to total. I can't remember what it is. Yeah.
Dustin Street: Head now and then that home, excuse me. I LaVern you're moving to is similar size, 2200 square feet, single story, probably three bedrooms with an office.
James Berumen AB: Yes.
James Berumen AB: It's four bedroom two bath.
Dustin Street: Gotcha and then similar access from the truck into the house over there.
James Berumen AB: Yeah, if that's you can park this are right next to the garage. So it's, yeah, it's like ten feet.
Dustin Street: Perfect, and then let's see here.
Dustin Street: What would be the best date and time for you all to complete that virtual walkthrough?
James Berumen AB: What you guys come to us or we just did it or I don't know what their virtual walkthrough is but.
Dustin Street: No problem. Sorry about that. So it's essentially kinda like video call, we would send you a link you click in and then you'd walk through the home. We'd be frantically taking notes of everything getting an idea of everything you're moving, and then we'd compare those notes from what we typically would see from a home of your size and then get your estimate built up and then emailed over to you and then chat with you about the details of your estimate and get you onto the schedule.
James Berumen AB: Okay, we could do that tomorrow or this evening fits you guys with. I'm not sure what you guys are open.
Dustin Street: Gotcha.
Dustin Street: So we're open seven days a week. We generally, I believe Amy is in the office until 5:30 each day. I don't know if that would, you know, if that's too early today and if there's a better time tomorrow for you.
James Berumen AB: Tomorrow tomorrow would be better anytime tomorrow we can make work.
Dustin Street: Gotcha tomorrow. Do you have a preference like morning or afternoon?
James Berumen AB: It doesn't matter. Whatever's easiest for you guys.
Dustin Street: Cool, I'll let her know tomorrow kind of anytime and she'll either give you a call or shoot you a text to get that set up, and then she'll get in touch with you tomorrow and get that, get that knocked out with you.
James Berumen AB: Okay, perfect.
Dustin Street: Awesome, well we definitely appreciate you and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
James Berumen AB: You too. Thank you very much.
Dustin Street: Yes sir. Have a good one. Bye.
James Berumen AB: Bye.