REP: Dustin Street
BRANCH: Leander Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5518829808033792
DURATION_MIN: 5.3
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 15:10 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Dustin Street', 'Taylor Cynthia']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Taylor Cynthia: Okay.
Dustin Street: Hello, this is Dustin with Einstein moving.
Taylor Cynthia: Hey, Dustin I got a quote for moving on October something October 1st or second I think cause we were going to close then but our closing got moved up and so I'm hopeful you can tell me if you guys can accommodate the new date ideally.
Dustin Street: Oh, alright. Let me track down.
Taylor Cynthia: And if so I will go ahead and sign a contract like now.
Dustin Street: Okay. We don't have a con, a contract you need to sign. That's no problem. Let me try to track down your profile. What, what's a good first and last name for you?
Taylor Cynthia: Oh, oh, there you go.
Taylor Cynthia: My name is in Taylor. Let me see my husband originally called but god bless him. He can't be trusted to keep going with it.
Dustin Street: My wife would definitely say the same thing about me, so I.
Taylor Cynthia: Yeah, I love him the desk but I'm like, did you call the movers? Did you call the movers? And he's like, no, oh, I got to do that. I was like, okay, bucket, I'm gonna do it.
Dustin Street: That's super I track you down your moving away from 112 honey locus cove.
Taylor Cynthia: Yeah.
Taylor Cynthia: Yes sir.
Dustin Street: Sweet, and then what day were you looking to get scheduled?
Taylor Cynthia: If it's possible I'd love to do the packing on the twenty third and then the moving on the twenty fourth if at all possible mm-hmm.
Dustin Street: Twenty third.
Dustin Street: Here twenty third, 24.
Dustin Street: He actually I found I guess I moved from last year but I have the email address now so I can definitely track this down. Bear with me. I'm sorry for tracking you.
Taylor Cynthia: No, you're fine. Oh, you probably have from, my daughter's moved to the apartment, so that would still be the same. It might be under my husband's email, which is W. Taylor 7686. At Gmail.
Dustin Street: Gotcha.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, check down it was under that wills profile. Sweet, alright let's see here you're on for the first and second and then you were looking at the packing on the twenty third.
Taylor Cynthia: Yeah.
Taylor Cynthia: Yeah, and then move on the twenty fourth.
Dustin Street: Gotcha.
Taylor Cynthia: Please, please, please, please. Six.
Dustin Street: Twenty third is looking good. Twenty fourth is looking good. This is for September, right?
Taylor Cynthia: Good.
Taylor Cynthia: Yes sir.
Dustin Street: Cool beans. Let me get you rescheduled to that.
Dustin Street: Twenty third.
Dustin Street: Alright, bear with me. It's not letting me select the date. What is going on here? There we go, just need a little refresh.
Dustin Street: Phone bone and then.
Dustin Street: Friday.
Dustin Street: Got it.
Dustin Street: Alright, sweet. So I've got you. Well that one's not right. Let's try again.
Dustin Street: Twenty fourth when I refreshed it. Went back to the old day. Alright, yeah. I almost didn't catch about have been, you'd have been calling back like dude, come on man but. Alright, sweet, I have it all correct now I've got the 22 trucks booked for the twenty third two trucks booked for the twenty fourth, I'll go ahead and send you all over an updated confirmation email. Do you want me to send this over to his profile? The W. Taylor, I can, and I can send it oh, you're already CC on there so I can just, yeah.
Taylor Cynthia: Yes.
Taylor Cynthia: It said. No thanks.
Taylor Cynthia: I would have cried.
Taylor Cynthia: Okay, cool.
Taylor Cynthia: Yeah, he added me when I called back cause I'm the one that had to do the walkthrough.
Dustin Street: Sweet and it looks like that might be a different email address. No that looks like the same one. Cool I'll get this confirmation email sent over to you all for you all pack on the twenty third and move on the twenty fourth.
Taylor Cynthia: Okay, perfect. Thank you so, so much I really appreciate it. Hey, also what time will they come on the twenty third? Do you know?
Dustin Street: Yes ma'am.
Dustin Street: They should be getting over there between 8:30 and 9:00 in the morning. They'll give you a call when they're leaving the office, it should be about a thirty minute heads-up for you.
Taylor Cynthia: Okay.
Taylor Cynthia: Okay. Awesome. So there's a lot of stuff we're not taking so I might need, I might need to, I might need to have my mom here so what I'll do is I'll plan to label a bunch of shit.
Dustin Street: Okay, absolutely. That works.
Taylor Cynthia: Cool, awesome. Thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Dustin Street: Yes ma'am. We appreciate you. You have a great one.
Taylor Cynthia: You as well. Bye.