REP: Erik Orama
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6011951369461760
DURATION_MIN: 5.8
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-12 20:20 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Erik Orama', 'Sabine Beaugris']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Erik Orama: Moving company, this is Eric.
Sabine Beaugris: Hi, how are you? Good afternoon Eric.
Erik Orama: Good afternoon. I'm doing well. How are you?
Sabine Beaugris: I'm doing good. I just had a question about a move maybe like a rough quote.
Erik Orama: Okay. What did you have in mind?
Sabine Beaugris: Okay, so I am in Florida, I'm moving to Texas in the Fortworth area. I have all my stuff in the sixteen foot parts container, which is going to be delivered to cu flo the one closest to where I am downtown Fort Worth, so I wanted to see how much it would be to move half of my belongings from the pos container into the cou north and then the other half into my apartment downtown Fort Worth.
Erik Orama: Okay. So we'd move some of the stuff into an actual storage and then load the rest of it onto our truck and unload it into your apartment.
Sabine Beaugris: Correct.
Erik Orama: Gotcha. So, I guess, it really just depends on where the apartment and the storage unit are going to be located in terms of time between the two and then if they fall within our free service zone other than that we're an hourly service, we have a 2.5 hour minimum for every job that we do. I would say unloading half of a half of a sixteen foot pod is gonna take not much time at all. I mean we might be somewhere between the minimum which is two and a half hours and three and a half hours of work total. And then again, it just depends on where you kind of fall within the free service on if there's any trip fees associated.
Sabine Beaugris: Mm-hmm.
Sabine Beaugris: Hello.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay. The apartment is downtown Fort Myers, kind of across from where the museums are.
Erik Orama: Downtown Fort Myers I'm not sure.
Sabine Beaugris: No, for fort warn, Fort Worth, sorry.
Erik Orama: Oh, okay. I was like, I was like, I don't know if I know where that is.
Sabine Beaugris: Sounds Myers is in Florida where I live?
Erik Orama: Gotcha, gotcha gotcha. Yeah, again just with I mean, if you could give me maybe a zip code, I might be able to look up and see where it falls within.
Sabine Beaugris: Yes, the zip code. The zip code is 76107.
Erik Orama: Seven.
Erik Orama: So, it looks like it depending on where you are. I know I keep saying depending, but it looks like it's outside of what we would call our C. One block, which would mean that there was probably gonna be a trip fee. But if you're closer to the botanic gardens then there, there might not be it's kind of a weird line that we have drawn right there down Cat Bee Boulevard.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay. It's pretty close to camber on west seven.
Sabine Beaugris: Do you want the exact address?
Erik Orama: Sure, I'll take it if you want to provide that.
Sabine Beaugris: Yes, it's 3248 west seventh, 33.
Erik Orama: So, it looks like west seventh that specific address would be within our free service on it that does land you on the right side of that C. one block. So that makes it easier to say that we the two and a half hour minimum. Let's see here. Let me do some quick math for you. 2.5 times 206 so.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay.
Sabine Beaugris: That's a rough.
Erik Orama: Yeah! So $515 would be the minimum charge there, and then if we were closer to $3, you'd see about $72,721.
Sabine Beaugris: Oh.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay, that sounds good.
Erik Orama: Alright.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay, let me, let me finalize action on again and you know, I'll let you know. Yeah, I'm just making sure that the queue would allow the part will be under your property for the, oh, another question I had for you know, when you, when you have the pad, they give you a delivery date but they give you a timeframe like three hour timeframe for delivery. How would that affect you guys?
Erik Orama: Sure.
Erik Orama: Well, I would say.
Sabine Beaugris: In terms of knowing.
Erik Orama: Yeah, I would say that depending on what cube smart says to you like if you're allowed to have it on site there or not we could always just show up at the end of that window to make sure that we're there when it gets there. That way you're not being charged for us just sitting around on a lot.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay well they kinda told me, yes. But I like to double-check and triple check. So I left a message, I left a message to the manager, so hopefully she gets to call me back.
Erik Orama: Yeah, no, I don't blame you.
Erik Orama: Okay. Yeah, so, if they're saying like, it'll be delivered between 10:00 AM and 1:00 PM, then we can always show up, you know, 12:30 one PMish. And then kind of go from there.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay. Alright, sounds good.
Erik Orama: Alrighty. Well once you get everything figured out, feel free to give us a call and we'd love to help you out.
Sabine Beaugris: Okay, perfect, thank you so much sir Eric. You too. Bye.
Erik Orama: Thank, thank you. Take it easy. Mm-hmm bye-bye.