REP: Frank Williams
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5784586113032192
DURATION_MIN: 6.0
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-08 14:17 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Frank Williams', 'Nathanie Howell']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Frank Williams: How can I help you?
Nathanie Howell: Hey, is Cal available?
Frank Williams: I can see if he's available. Who's calling?
Nathanie Howell: Nate, how we have a quote and a move scheduled in, in, in October and I just wanna adjust a little bit.
Frank Williams: Oh, I'm happy to take care of that for you. What's your email address?
Nathanie Howell: H as in hotel, V., as in Victor, N, as in November, 33760, @gmail.com.
Frank Williams: I'm sorry. Can you spell that down? I did not pick up it anywhere you said.
Nathanie Howell: That's fine. Yeah, you're getting hotel Victor, November 33760 email.
Frank Williams: 13317 Bayfield drive.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah, that's it.
Frank Williams: Okay, and you wanted to switch the date you said.
Nathanie Howell: No I just wanna adjust what work there. I wanna get a quote as well for so we packed like we boxed about half of it up and then we're just gonna originally, we're Unox everything up but we just don't have the time for the space right now. So everything. So we're gonna see how much extra would be just have you guys do some boxing as well.
Frank Williams: Okay.
Frank Williams: I see. Let's see what do you think is left? Like just kitchen items, closets?
Nathanie Howell: Yeah, honestly it's, we did a lot of the, a lot of the larger bulk items packing and wise and boxes. So it's probably like minimal like probably 76 it, six boxes of kitchen items maybe like another ten boxes between the two closets and then maybe another like five boxes between the two offices and that's really about it and boxes. So probably total. Do you guys charge by the box by the, by the way?
Frank Williams: Charge by the hour. And then we charge for each packing material that we use. If you have your own boxes, we can use users but we'll bring stuff to.
Nathanie Howell: Okay.
Nathanie Howell: Okay. Okay, so if we have our own, our own boxes, like, home, like, brand-new Home Depot boxes, that's fine.
Frank Williams: Yeah, totally fine. It'll save on the cost, yeah.
Nathanie Howell: Okay, cool, yeah, and it's like, they're like, clean, cleaning brand-new so, alright cool. I would say, honestly, it depends on how many of the team like the packet I, it's probably only gonna be maybe fifteen twentieth most boxes left if that probably less than that honestly I would overestimate just, just to be safe.
Frank Williams: Okay, okay.
Frank Williams: Just to be safe, yeah, okay, let me see.
Frank Williams: Yeah, I could probably just, you know, call like a three hour day and just see where we fall, you know, kitchens can take longer than perspectively looking at, it just depends on how much you have in your cabinets but, yeah, we can bring enough materials just in case. And start with yours, and then I'll estimate about three hours we could but we'll have to do that the day before the move, if that's okay cause it looks like you're already, you're okay, good. Okay, so then, we can shoot for Saturday October 10th, probably pack in the afternoon and then we move you on the eleventh as originally planned.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah, that's fine, that's fine. Go ahead.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah, that'd be perfect man. That'd be awesome if you have to do that, pull it off.
Frank Williams: Okay. Yeah, let me set that up for you.
Nathanie Howell: Cool.
Frank Williams: Okay.
Frank Williams: I'm just gonna put $50 in an estimated cost materials, in case you don't have enough stuff, but it's just for numbers. So, with the same hourly rate for three hours, plus $50. Yeah, yeah, for three hours you're looking about $740 for that portion. If it takes less than that, obviously it's just the minimum. So it'd be $575 plus, you know, if we use materials, but then I have you down for, I have you down for between 12:00 and two that we can get started and then.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah.
Nathanie Howell: That's fine.
Nathanie Howell: That's fine.
Nathanie Howell: 12:00 and twelve and two on the tenth. Okay.
Frank Williams: Yup. Yup, yup, and then the eleventh is on, is the same I didn't touch that. So that should, that should be enough time. And then obviously the more you do before we get there still they'll just keep costs down you know what I mean? So.
Nathanie Howell: No, that's perfect.
Nathanie Howell: Yeah, okay, perfect man. I'll throw that on our like tracking thing that we have and then, and then that'd be perfect and blah blue. Perfect, cool. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, if you want to re email me that quote that's fine. Yeah let's just let's go with that you said between 12:00 and two on Saturday, sorry.
Frank Williams: Correct, yup.
Nathanie Howell: Perfect. Yeah, man, awesome, that's well, reasonable and we'll keep it out but yeah, we need to be, we're kind of at the point where we're like run out of room and better house as we living it. So we're like just easier to do something just with the move associates, so, you guys have been awesome, thank you so much and yeah, that won't I got down the calendar it's scheduled, looks like that. Thank you.
Frank Williams: Yup, yup.
Frank Williams: Alright, thank you so much doesn't know anything changes but you're good to go. Alright, bye-bye.
Nathanie Howell: Alright, brother. Bye. Alright, cool thanks, bye.