REP: Garrison Cobe
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5886710794199040
DURATION_MIN: 6.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 17:21 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Garrison Cobe', 'Gustavo Taborga']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Garrison Cobe: I'm moving, this is garrison. How can I help you?
Gustavo Taborga: Hello. I'm planning to move from north to south Austin and I wouldn't have a quote, please.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, I can certainly help you out with that. First things first. Do you happen to have a date in mind?
Gustavo Taborga: Yeah, it's gonna be on the fifteen, Tuesday, fifteen.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty, Tuesday the fifteenth. Perfect looks like we do have availability on that date at this time here. So let me go ahead and grab some contact info from you here first and then I'll ask you a bunch of questions about the move itself and within about ten minutes or so I should have an estimate built out here for you.
Gustavo Taborga: For the meeting?
Gustavo Taborga: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty, so I'm starting with that contact info. What is your first and last name?
Gustavo Taborga: Viviana Gonzales, I submitted a form right now like a minute ago.
Garrison Cobe: Oh! Did you? Okay. Let me see here.
Garrison Cobe: Perfect, perfect, yeah, headed from that, yeah headed from that 19328 Stokes lane over to the 8513. Dong drive in Austin.
Gustavo Taborga: Do you see it?
Gustavo Taborga: Correct.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Perfect, perfect. So yeah, regarding that stoves lane address that's showing as a storage unit, is that correct?
Gustavo Taborga: Yeah, it's not a story hit. It's my Fath in-law house but everything is on his garage.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, it's on the garage. Okay. Gotcha, gotcha. Alrighty.
Gustavo Taborga: Yeah.
Garrison Cobe: Here. And let me see all being in the garage. How is, is this a two car garage?
Gustavo Taborga: Yes.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Now, how full as a percentage? Would you say that garage is with your items? 100 percent being like front to back Florida ceiling.
Gustavo Taborga: Let me make sure how to pop.
Gustavo Taborga: Top of the garage have a good.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, okay, gotcha, gotcha.
Gustavo Taborga: Okay, it's everything is, the one bedroom with no furniture. It's only boxes.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, okay. So just boxes in the mattress essentially.
Gustavo Taborga: E. and the mattress.
Gustavo Taborga: Correct.
Garrison Cobe: And okay, cool. So regarding boxes, do you happen to have a rough estimate on about how many we might see?
Gustavo Taborga: I think we have fifteen boxes. Do you remember? Oh, no, thirty boxes.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, perfect. So mattress and thirty boxes righty see.
Garrison Cobe: And just to confirm, will we be making any stops between the load up address and the unload address to pick anything else up or drop anything off along the way.
Gustavo Taborga: No, no stop.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty.
Garrison Cobe: Perfect, perfect. Well then I think that is all of the information I will need from you here over the phone. What I'll go ahead and do from here is get you an overview on how our pricing structure works first and then I'll break down the estimate that I've got built out for you. From there, no need to take any notes on any of this information. I'll make sure it all goes to, in an email after our call so you'll have it all there for review but that said, sorry, go ahead.
Gustavo Taborga: I guess.
Gustavo Taborga: No, that, that's good. Just, are you gonna specify the size of the truck in there?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, absolutely. I mean our truck size will be way more than enough. It's a 26 foot box truck. So, so it'll be certainly sufficient to fit absolutely everything within it.
Gustavo Taborga: Okay, sounds good.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, but yeah, just to kind of jump into pricing here it is very simple with us on the day we're looking at here of the fifteenth we bill at the rate of $104 per mover per hour we would send up two movers in a case like this so we'd be looking at $208 an hour for the two of them. Now the important thing to know with us is that, absolutely everything is included within that hourly rate so that's gonna mean, fuel truck taxes, insurance, all moving blanket, shrink wrapped all these four wheelers all that good stuff to kind of help keep the move super quick and efficient throughout everything there to protect that mattress as well. So just know there are no additional fees cost or charges of any type with us. So no, none of the constant ones in the moving industry things like credit card fees, fuel fees.
Gustavo Taborga: Mm-hmm.
Garrison Cobe: Truck fees, happy item fees, et cetera. Like I said, absolutely everything is rolled into our hourly rate now to give you an idea on how our clock works the time with us, starts whenever we actually arrive on site at that old address and make contact with you over there, and then all you have as for as long as you need us. The only thing we do have associated with anyone move that we perform which I think will kind of come into effect in this particular case we do have a minimum which is an amount of two and a half hours worth of work. So, if we were to complete this move within say an hour and a half which admittedly we very well might we do still have to bill for two and a half hours worth of work regardless which is in the amount of $520. The good news, like I said there is that you know, it won't be open over that we don't have any additional fuse cost or charges, not even taxes. So, that $520 is quite literally the number that you would walk away with but that said, I do expect this go ahead.
Gustavo Taborga: Alright.
Gustavo Taborga: So, two hours and two hours and a half. Sorry, two hours and a half, it's minimum, like 200. How much did you say?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, two and a half hours is our minimum. So being at the rate of $208 times that two and a half hours we're looking at a $520 total cost.
Gustavo Taborga: 520 for two hours and a half.
Garrison Cobe: Yes, exactly.
Gustavo Taborga: Okay.
Gustavo Taborga: Alright, can you please send the code so I can see you later with my husband.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I'll send you over an email with everything that we talked about here over the phone and includes absolutely everything that we have to offer as well. So feel free to look over that and of course, if you have any questions at all feel free to give us a callback or you can even respond directly to that email. Whatever works best for you. But from that point on, you know, all it takes to move forward with an official booking with us. If you'd like, it is completely free, we don't take any deposits or downpayments so it is very easy to move forward whenever you are ready.
Gustavo Taborga: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty, no problem. You have a good one. Bye-bye.
Gustavo Taborga: Bye-bye, you too.