REP: Garrison Cobe
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5953460021796864
DURATION_MIN: 12.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 21:00 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Garrison Cobe', 'Scott Brown']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Garrison Cobe: Einstein moving this is garrison. How can I help you?
Scott Brown: Garrison. I am, I need to schedule a move.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Yeah, well, I can certainly help you out with that. First things first. Do you happen to have a date in mind?
Scott Brown: October 9th.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty, that looks to be a Friday. Perfect and we absolutely do have availability on that date. So let me go ahead and plug in some contact info and then I'll ask you a whole bunch of questions about the move-in. Particularly and then yeah, we can get everything set here for you. So starting with a contact info, what was your first and last name?
Scott Brown: Okay.
Scott Brown: Scott brown.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty. And is this a good callback number for you?
Scott Brown: It sure is.
Garrison Cobe: Perfect, perfect. And what's a good email address?
Scott Brown: Scott, Ryan brown @att.net.
Garrison Cobe: 9ATtwo.net.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty, and what is that specific address that you'll be moving out of?
Scott Brown: Right, and what is that?
Scott Brown: 5700 Grover Avenue.
Garrison Cobe: And then what's the address we'll be moving into.
Scott Brown: The exact same one. We're transfer apartments from a studio to a one bedroom. The building is across the parking lot.
Garrison Cobe: Gotcha. Alrighty, and then going into one bedroom just across the parking lot. Okay, perfect. Now let's see. Do you happen to have the unit numbers for each unit?
Scott Brown: Yes, so the unit number we're coming out of is 2307.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Scott Brown: The number or unit we're going into is 1405.
Garrison Cobe: Alright. Perfect, perfect, and focusing on the unit that we're coming out of here. Do you happen to know the square footage of that studio apartment there?
Scott Brown: I think coming out of the one, I think it's 500 and the one we're going into is not much bigger, it's just a better layout's about 550.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Gotcha gotcha now let's see what floor.
Scott Brown: And all the stuff that's basically moving is just wanna fit into the studio. So for, so that's the interesting part. So the building we're in does not have an elevator. It's on the second story, there's two flights of stairs, two stories up, so everything's coming down down a fair case across the street into the building and then up an elevator.
Garrison Cobe: Right.
Scott Brown: And that's literally why we're moving to go from the side but no elevator to the side. That does of an elevator.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: I see. Okay, that makes Perfect Sense. Absolutely. Okay, so gotcha, gotcha. And now if you had the estimate in, in rough numbers are more than fine here but how far of a walk would you say it might be from unit two? Unit.
Scott Brown: Well it's not really across the parking lot but there is basically like an Alleyway Street but cars can't go across the street so it's not really a street. So it's more like a walkway in between the buildings.
Scott Brown: So you'd come down two flights of stairs out the building doors across a street that doesn't allow cars on it and it just Sept, it's between the two buildings into the building down the hallway and up an elevator.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha, and all in, all between that kind of like, that entire walk there if you could put it in feet, how far do you think that might be?
Scott Brown: Building to building probably the length of two cars nose to nose. I mean it's a very narrow street or walkway Ruther. Yeah, I'd say yeah, 1215 feet maybe.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, okay. Yeah, sounds super short then. Oh, okay.
Garrison Cobe: Oho okay, that sounds perfect then.
Scott Brown: Whatever, the city's legal requirement is to keep two buildings side-by-side.
Garrison Cobe: Absolutely. Okay, fantastic. Well then that's great news. So, yeah, no, no super long walk by any means here. Sounds like we won't even really need to load up the truck. Yeah, we'll just be able to walk everything, right? From unit to unit. No problem.
Scott Brown: Oh, yeah, no that would be no truck and be going just ride out one building door and then do another building.
Garrison Cobe: Perfect. Okay, so that said, do you happen to have an inventory list of all the items that you need help from us moving for you.
Scott Brown: Sure.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect. Yeah, feel free to just kind of start listing items off I'll just take some notes over here on my end.
Scott Brown: Okay.
Scott Brown: We got a small two cabinet that's just by the door.
Scott Brown: Small desk and a chair.
Scott Brown: No appliances.
Scott Brown: Full-size driver six door dresser.
Scott Brown: A bed and two end tables.
Scott Brown: Small coffee table.
Scott Brown: And a papa.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect, perfect and would you need any help moving any boxes as well, or is it simply just these items?
Scott Brown: No it'd be lots of boxes close kitchen where I see a lot of boxes but this is not even a walk in closet that these close fill. So it would be the closer and the drawers back in boxes close that are in a standard closet. Not a walk in inboxes. And I'm an account 12.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Scott Brown: Three wax of close that are going into boxes and the rest is kitchen weird.
Garrison Cobe: Fantastic. Okay. So, it sounds like even on the highest end, this probably won't exceed twenty boxes even if I had to guess.
Scott Brown: Oh, I doubt it. I don't even think we had that many when we moved in.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, awesome. Well, that's all great news. Then just means we can knock out the move that much quicker. So, that's looking good. Alright, perfect.
Scott Brown: Yeah, the hardest part about this move is going down to two flex of stairs.
Garrison Cobe: That's definitely gonna be the tough this part absolutely. Which nothing you know we're absolutely used to it but it certainly will slow us down a little bit compared to, of course if you all were located on the first floor but no worries at all.
Scott Brown: Now coming up the stairs. There's a lot harder with the stuff than it was going down. I'm going down, I'm sure.
Garrison Cobe: That is absolutely true. Without a doubt, without a doubt.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, well perfect then I think I've got all the information I need from you here. Otherwise, what I'll go ahead and do from here is I'll give you an overview on how our pricing structure works first and then I'll break down the estimate that I've got built out for you from there, of course, no need to take any notes on any of this information. It'll all go to you in an email after our call he'll have everything there for review but that said jumping into pricing it is very simple with us on the day we're looking at it here of Friday the ninth we do bill at the rate of $110 per mover per hour we would send out two movers in a case like this. So we'd be looking at $220 an hour for the two of them now. The important thing to know with us is that absolutely everything is rolled into that hourly rate. So although we won't be using it, we will be coming out there with the truck. But within the truck, it'll contain all the.
Garrison Cobe: All the supplies that of course will help us keep the move efficient as well as keeping all your items safe. So everything, as far as you know, moving blankets, shrink wrapped all these, four wheelers, any tools needed to disassemble and reassemble anything that might need it, that is all absolutely included within that hourly rate, you don't pay anything additional for any of those items. We also don't have any additional fees, cost or charges of any type. So you don't have to worry about the common ones in the moving industry. Things like credit card fees, fuel fees, heavy item fees, stairs, fees, et cetera. Very simply just that hourly rate with us. And nothing outside of that.
Scott Brown: Yeah.
Garrison Cobe: Now to give you an idea on how our clock works as well. The time will start whenever we actually arrive on site at, at that studio and make contact with you guys over there from then on you have us for as long as you need us for the day of course the only thing we do have associated with anyone move that we perform is a two and a half hour minimum. But once we exceed that two and a half hours time has been prorated in fifteen minute increments from then on until the move is complete there, does that all make sense so far.
Scott Brown: It does.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect, perfect. Now as far as your move estimate goes here, just to kind of give you a point of reference what we usually see in a home of, of the size and scale. Is it something on average we see take, takes two movers somewhere between two and a half to three and a half hours to complete. I think based on everything we've talked about here we will absolutely fall within that range potentially even on the lower end of it. Because of course, we don't even have to worry about loading up a truck. So I would think if anything, this will probably come in a lot closer to the two and a half to three hour range but to give you an idea here, if it does come in at three hours, we're looking at a total cost of $660 there but of course, keep in mind that's just an estimate we're only gonna bill you for the actual time. We use exceeding that. Two and a half hour, minimum.
Scott Brown: Got it. What can I do to get two extra guys. So, four total, and here's why I'm asking. I have a TV that's metal on the wall, I want to have somebody to take that down and be ready to reinstall it. At the new apartment. Maybe have two guys disassembling the bed.
Scott Brown: I guess my point is, I don't mind paying a little more to make sure it gets done faster so we come in right at the two and a half hours.
Garrison Cobe: I see.
Garrison Cobe: I see. I unfortunately, I'm unable to add more than, more than two movers to a move of the size just knowing how small the unit is that said I have noted that wall mounted TV. So, so definitely have that written down here. And, and I do wanna mention we can definitely help uninstalling it from the wall, however we cannot install amount into a wall at that new unit.
Scott Brown: Oh, really. I thought that was kind of a thing with the moves that we're being cause we had that done on our last two moves.
Garrison Cobe: We uno.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, interesting. Yeah, yeah, I will say with us unfortunately our movers are not trained on you know, in installing anything into the walls. We don't have stud finders or anything to that fix. We don't have the tools or the training for for installing those wall mounts there, into the wall. If there is an existing wall mount of course we can hang the TV on it, but just installing that directly into the wall is the only portion of that process that we can't help with.
Scott Brown: Gotcha. Okay.
Garrison Cobe: But yeah, no outside of that, any other questions or concerns on that front.
Scott Brown: I may have to make a couple of more calls cause I do want to be able to just kinda let this the attorney key deal and I'd have to install it myself.
Garrison Cobe: No, absolutely understood and, and that makes Perfect Sense. You kinda just want to get it all knocked out one go, so, that does make sense. What I'll go ahead and do is, I'll send you over an email with everything we've talked about here over the phone and of course, if anything changes, if you'd like to move forward with us, it is completely free and very simple. All you have to do is just give us a call or you can respond directly to that email and just say, hey, yeah. Let's go ahead and book it. We don't take deposits or downpayments so it is that simple. But yeah, outside of that, I mean, at the very least you know, you can utilize that information that I send you here to kind of compare and contrast with some of those other companies out there.
Scott Brown: Gotcha. Okay, I appreciate it.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty. Yes sir, no problem at all. Is there anything else I can help you out with here in the meantime?
Scott Brown: No, that'll do it.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty. Well, thank you so much and you have a good rest of your day.
Scott Brown: Okay, thank you.
Garrison Cobe: Bye-bye.