REP: Grant Hardison
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6401131646328832
DURATION_MIN: 6.7
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-09 13:49 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Beverly Longfellow', 'Grant Hardison']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Beverly Longfellow: Yeah.
Grant Hardison: Hey, Beverly, it's grant over here at Einstein. The crew just messaged me saying that you, that we've got some, some stuff going on.
Beverly Longfellow: Again I off ground, I'm so sorry. I, they canceled our door code, our gate code and I don't understand it so, so we can't even get through the gate or into the door and Rick and I called and both left messages. I left the nasty message. I told them on filing a claim with the attorney general and the better business bureau, I'm, I told them they were going to have to pay the money for your guys sitting there doing nothing.
Grant Hardison: Oh man.
Grant Hardison: Put in the world.
Grant Hardison: Oh, goodness.
Grant Hardison: Okay.
Beverly Longfellow: And they, there's nobody at the office till 9:30. So, we were hoping that they would just check messages and give us a new gate code or something. I don't, I don't know what to do.
Grant Hardison: Oh man.
Grant Hardison: Yeah, no, I got you. So Beverly it kind of gets tricky here cause like, at some point about 9:00 at the end of our arrival window, we do have to start the time and that's just because I, it sounds like you understand this but I just can't have the crew out there and not be, and pay and be paying them their hourly rate and not be charging for them basically. So but with that being said, I guess we can go about this one or two ways so, I so keen and I know I could maybe, let's see let me think about this Beverly I could maybe.
Beverly Longfellow: Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Grant Hardison: Like we could start the time on the iPad for when we, when we arrive or when this whole thing first, first started today and we can log. You know, how much that added to the bill and you could maybe ask for reimbursement from storage. I don't know if that would be an option for you but we could also, I don't know how much longer you guys have the unit but we also have availability tomorrow. And I can push it to tomorrow if you, if that kind of alleviate some stress we also have Saturday.
Beverly Longfellow: No, no, no, no, no I don't wanna push it for tomorrow. We have to have our, I mean, we're waiting us to, that we need, you know. So I don't want it I actually want you to log the time they got there and, and how much, how much time that they have to send doing nothing at your, at your place? Because.
Grant Hardison: Okay.
Grant Hardison: Yeah.
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am.
Beverly Longfellow: I am going to, you know, call a claim against them because, I mean, even when the guy from Austin, we're loading the place, the power went out and the AC went out. There were no lights, no AC, you know. And we stopped there for like three hours and I'm just sick of this. They called me.
Grant Hardison: Yeah.
Grant Hardison: Yeah, I remember you telling me.
Grant Hardison: Yeah.
Beverly Longfellow: Yesterday and said, oh, good news, you know? We got the elevators working and we know you have one more unit. We went ahead and close out the other two units. And so you can schedule your guys they knew that we were scheduling you to come pick the stuff up today. And I don't know how, I mean, I just.
Grant Hardison: Yeah, I get it being so frustrating for you. That's I would be, I'd be equally as upset for sure.
Beverly Longfellow: I do not understand how anybody could cancel our code after the conversation we had with them yesterday. I just I do not I am Seles I don't even know what to say but I want your guys hey!
Grant Hardison: I gotcha. I'm so sorry. Well, hopefully I can help.
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am.
Beverly Longfellow: And I will dealing with them.
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am. Well Beverly, I'll message the crew and I'll just kind of let them know what's, what's going on just that the storage unit is just giving you a fits and then I'll let them know what we talked about we'll go ahead and start the time for about when we got there, I'll check with Robert and see when that was, I would imagine it was about 84830 or something like that. So I'll, I'll message him and, and figure out when that was, so that way we're accurately, you know, depicting the start time and then once the move is done today, I will, so basically what will happen is we'll have you pay for the full thing and then I will send over an email to you basically so we don't typically do this, I'd have to play with a template or something but I can basically send you a, hey, we spent this long before the move not doing anything and that cost this much and here's what the rest of the move cost once we actually got started and kind of breaking into two parts so you know, what to request from them is that okay with you, does that, does that work out?
Beverly Longfellow: Yes, but I'd also like you to document in that email. The reason why they were sitting their idle is because the gate code did not work.
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am. Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to do that. So our closed contract, the ones that you've got for all the previous moves they are they're all the generic template that's built out and I can't really change that but after the move is done and everything's taken care of I will send you another email basically a personalized one that I've designed myself to itemize, you know how much time was spent pre move waiting on the codes because of their air. And how much that cost because of their air. And then, you know, send that over to you. That way you have some evidence to go and, and dispute them.
Beverly Longfellow: Sure.
Beverly Longfellow: Okay.
Beverly Longfellow: Yeah.
Beverly Longfellow: Yes, I will do that. That would be much appreciated. Thank you, grant.
Grant Hardison: Of course, you are very welcome. I'm sorry. This has been such a fiasco with the storage unit and the damages and stuff. And you know hopefully my, my team has been somewhat of a help and you know, if there's anything else that I can do for you definitely give me a call and let me know you have my office number here, and if it's not myself that answers this phone call just reach out. Just ask for grant or Eric and, and either one of us will be able to help you out. We man the Fort Worth location.
Beverly Longfellow: Okay, thank you grant.
Grant Hardison: Of course, Beverly. You're very welcome. You have a good rest of the day and I'll be in touch with the crew here shortly and they'll keep me updated.
Beverly Longfellow: Okay, you have a good day too. Thanks.
Grant Hardison: Alright, you're welcome. Bye.
Beverly Longfellow: Bye-bye.