REP: Grant Hardison
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6246846293385216
DURATION_MIN: 10.0
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 17:22 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Gabby Davis', 'Grant Hardison']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Gabby Davis: Hello.
Grant Hardison: Hey, Gabby, this is Brent with Einstein Moving Company. How are you this afternoon?
Gabby Davis: Hey, I'm good. How are you?
Grant Hardison: I'm doing well, I appreciate you asking. I'm looking at your profile that you submitted and I also see an email since that you're looking for some moving services tomorrow.
Gabby Davis: Yes, I know it's super last minute. So I just wanted to see if you guys had any availability by any chance.
Grant Hardison: Yes, ma'am. Yeah, we are, we do have availability tomorrow. Let me get some details from you real quick and then we'll get you all squared away so it looks like we are, we've used us in the past before, correct?
Gabby Davis: Okay, yeah, okay.
Gabby Davis: Yes, about a year and I was, like, July 2025.
Grant Hardison: Okay, and did we.
Grant Hardison: Okay. Gotcha. Are we moving the same amount of stuff that we moved for you the last time or is it little bit more?
Gabby Davis: No, it's actually gonna be just about the same amount of stuff, so, I'm not been moving out from my boyfriend's be so what the sectional in the living room I need taken and then the wood dining table and the chairs and that taken as well.
Gabby Davis: And then that's the only and then like the patio furniture. But that's really small. So, and then actually, so I think that's gonna be it from the house, the storage unit that you guys have put everything in. Originally, it's still in there. So I was meeting and that's like, right down the street probably like a two minute drive. I need everything out of that storage unit. And then my department.
Grant Hardison: Okay.
Grant Hardison: Yeah.
Grant Hardison: No problem. What is the address for that storage unit?
Gabby Davis: Yeah, let me pull this up, let's.
Grant Hardison: I guess while you're doing that, I'll also confirm we're starting at 5613 Karras. Drive in North Richland Hills.
Gabby Davis: Yes, that is correct.
Gabby Davis: Okay, so address is gonna be 25623 roof no drive.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha.
Grant Hardison: And just those three stops for the move. Okay the home that we're starting at, I'll leave it listed as a one story 1000 square foot space. We're not moving any bedroom items for you though. Gotcha, just the living room stuff that you mentioned dining room stuff and then some miscellaneous patio items.
Gabby Davis: Yes.
Gabby Davis: No.
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha no other areas or spaces for us to take care of. Alright and for parking at the home, I'm assuming that's pretty easy for us. We'll just park outside on the street 2030 feet away, something like that. Alrighty and then do you have any boxes that we're going to be moving for you from the starting location?
Gabby Davis: Nope.
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm, yes.
Gabby Davis: No, I'll do all of those.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha. So no box, it's just the furniture and then the storage unit that we're going to next. What's the size of it?
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm oh, that's a great question. Let me see if I can.
Gabby Davis: Get it?
Gabby Davis: I can hear you. Sorry it.
Grant Hardison: You're fine. You take your time.
Gabby Davis: I think it's a 10x10.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, that makes sense. Do you know what floors on?
Gabby Davis: It is on the first floor.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty, and that's a climate control unit I'm assuming.
Gabby Davis: Yes, it is.
Grant Hardison: And then what is inside of this unit. I don't need a full comprehensive inventory this but is it like a one bedroom worth of items. Is it completely full, halfway full. It look like in there.
Gabby Davis: It is.
Gabby Davis: Yeah, so it's about like halfway full there's like a wooden bench for my dining table in there. There's a queen size bed and then like the bed frame, there is a king size like headboard, there's no king mattress in there mattress and then there is a tall dresser and then a lawn and those are wooden a wooden dresser, two night stands.
Gabby Davis: I don't think there's that much in there, I think that's just gonna be about it.
Grant Hardison: Okay. Yeah, any boxes for us to take care of?
Gabby Davis: Maybe like one or two small ones.
Grant Hardison: Okay. Gotcha. And how far is the walk for us from the truck to the unit that we're actually loading up?
Gabby Davis: Whenever you walk inside you just go down one hallway like in a long hallway and then it'll be directly on your right. So, yup. Yeah, just about.
Grant Hardison: Okay. I'm gonna say like a hundred feet, you think that's fair.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty. Good deal. And then from there, we've been everything to 6250 rosewood drive also in North Richland Hills. That's a two bedroom apartment on the second floor with some stairs to go up.
Gabby Davis: Yes, it's gonna be like count style.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, no worries. I'll list it as a townhome and listed as two stories.
Grant Hardison: Good deal. Well, that is everything I need to get you an estimate for this Gabby. Let me walk you through how our pricing is gonna work and then I'll go over your quote specifically for you. You don't need to write anything down or take any notes. All of this information is going to be sent to the email address that you put on the profile. Does that work for you?
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay. Yeah, that works.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty, awesome. So, with that being set or pricing super simple at Fort Worth, we charge $103 per hour per mover on Saturdays. For this, I would just send you a two main team. So that would be $206 an hour. Everything is included in the hourly rate. So the truck gas taxes insurance, all the pads wrap and bands needed to move everything from point A. To point B. Safely and then any tools needed for disassemble or reassembly, there's no fees associated with your move. So there's no travel fees for us to come out and service you. There's no heavy item fees, like I said, no hidden fees of any type. And then lastly the way that our time works is it'll start whenever the crew arrives on site begins walk through with you then you have them for as long as you need them. The only other thing that we do have is a two and a half hour minimum but if we exceed that the timing prorated into fifteen minute. Increments any questions about any of that info so far.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: No.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty, awesome. So to give you some clarity around your quote, so it looks like the last time that we moved. Yeah, we just, that was just for the storage unit portion and that took about two and a half hours. So, typically for, I mean, for the starting spot for just the living room dining room items, you know, I would maybe add an hour or two on top of that to, to get this done just to be safe to that includes loading and then unloading it as well. So, all in all, I would anticipate this to fall within the four, maybe five hour range. So if we took the full five hours, you would see a cost of $1,030 for the move. If we took four hours a cost of $824 at the end of the day you just pay for the time that we actually work once we go over that minimum. Any questions about the estimate.
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Gabby Davis: Uh-huh mm-hmm okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay, okay, no.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty, good deal. Well if you like what you've heard we do have a morning arrival time available for tomorrow, it would be an 8:39 AM arrival time. Do you want to go ahead and get that set up?
Gabby Davis: Do you have anything a little bit later than that by any chance?
Grant Hardison: We could do, we could do like 101030 if that works.
Gabby Davis: That should be good. Can I call you back to confirm? I just need to make sure that works at 10:00 or 1030, correct?
Grant Hardison: It, so if with the morning time so if I, if we said 10:00 AM it'd be 101030 arrival time.
Gabby Davis: Yeah, perfect. Okay.
Grant Hardison: And if you want to Gabby, I can, I just, I, we only have one truck available tomorrow and I just don't want you to lose that spot. So I'm gonna put you down for 101030 and I'll send you a confirmation email but if you need to change the time tomorrow, just email us or call us and let us know and then we should, we'll be able to accommodate those changes as long as it doesn't push us too late. I think the latest we'd be able to start this would be 121230.
Gabby Davis: Yeah, yeah, okay, okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Got it. Okay, not a problem. And I still have what was it? It was something that they were, they wrapped everything in. I still have, yeah, I still have, I still have a bunch of those too if you guys want to take those whenever you all are done but yeah, okay, okay, perfect and then, okay, but let me, let me just confirm. But then other than that everything should be all good.
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am, I see that on your, on your close contract.
Grant Hardison: Yeah, for sure.
Grant Hardison: Okay. Sounds like a plan. And just to, real quick while I have you for those moving pads it looks like we charged you for eleven of them at $12 a piece. So once we get those back, you'll get a refund of $132 at the end of it. So.
Gabby Davis: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Gabby Davis: Okay, awesome.
Grant Hardison: Alrighty, good deal. I'll send over the confirmation email let you know that I have you on the schedule for tomorrow. And then if you need to change the time at all, just call us or email us and we'll be able to, to take care of you after that.
Gabby Davis: Okay, okay.
Gabby Davis: Okay, sounds good. Is this the best number to call back on?
Grant Hardison: Yes ma'am. Yeah, 817-786-6118 should be the number I called you from.
Gabby Davis: Okay.
Gabby Davis: Yes it is. Thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Grant Hardison: Alright, you're very welcome. You have a good day Gabby. Alright, bye.
Gabby Davis: You too, bye.