REP: Hector Zavala
BRANCH: Houston Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4930031206309888
DURATION_MIN: 11.4
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-12 18:44 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Hector Zavala', 'Ryan Wells AB']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Hector Zavala: Hello. Hello this is Hector with Einstein moving. How may I help you?
Ryan Wells AB: Hey, this is Dane.
Hector Zavala: No, this is Hector.
Ryan Wells AB: Oh, okay, I just got a missed call from you all from a guy named Zane. I scheduled a move on the 7th of October.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha.
Ryan Wells AB: And have he left me a voicemail saying that he just wanted to call and get things clarified and set up.
Hector Zavala: Okay, I think yeah. At that rate it's probably for an auto booking. Let me flip over one second. Yup, there you are.
Ryan Wells AB: I guess confirmed.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay, cool deal, I had a question, so online it said that it's a two and a half hour minimum but it was for two and a half hours is it gonna be $1,400 for right down the road?
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Now as far as your estimate that it was provided for the move-in. And of itself is more so based off of the square footage of your home, right, we don't necessarily have inventory list in particular and whenever it comes to the two and a half hour minimum that total is $615 before the estimate for your move that was established at around seven hours for two movers to accomplish and there is also a trip fee that is included in with that estimate of $140.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Gotcha.
Ryan Wells AB: Gotcha.
Hector Zavala: And where the trip fee comes into play is essentially just getting our empty truck out to the 14515. Loue road and then back to the original branch from 15007. Chestnut falls, and so to that end that is just going to be a per truck. And we would only need the one truck. So that's where the $140 trip fee comes in the play before that and, yeah.
Ryan Wells AB: Yes.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay, cool. Yeah, cause I'm only moving the house is completely empty at the living room, so I'm just moving my living room, furniture up, yeah.
Hector Zavala: Oh, okay.
Hector Zavala: Oh, okay cool well yeah no worries. Let me make that appropriate adjustment just so that we don't necessarily have to worry about booking a whole day and only having to worry about the living room and just so that you're aware of our process. Yeah. What's up boss? Sorry, I didn't want to interrupt you.
Ryan Wells AB: Oh, yeah.
Ryan Wells AB: Oh, no, no, I was just, I was just clarifying. Yeah, I just, I'm just moving one room when I'm just moving my living room furniture out, so.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, no worries.
Hector Zavala: Okay, cool.
Hector Zavala: And then part of our process as well is that we do cover your head, furniture head to tow with padded moving blankets and shrink wrap that's in effort to make sure that they stay protected as well as protecting the doors, floors and walls of your home. And the reason being that we're so thorough and making sure that we have avoid damages as well. One for peace of mind for you and then also two, cause we have our no worries, damage coverage that is already gonna be part of your estimate. You're not paying anything extra for it. But say if there are any ha, accidents that happened during your move we use that no worries, damage coverage, which is a $2,000 evaluation coverage to either refurbish or replace any of those items. If we do have accidents with but to that end as well our guys they're trained in-house, so that we do have confidence that they can take care of you. But we just have that policy in place. So we can go above and beyond to make sure you're taken care of makes sense so far.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay, cool.
Ryan Wells AB: Awesome, that sounds great.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic, alright, glad I was able to share that with you, okay? And then regarding the furniture in your living room. What all are we going to be assisting with?
Ryan Wells AB: So, I have a very large couch. I have a small buffet table behind the couch. It's just very, very heavy. And then I have a really heavy book shelf in the living room. I have a 42 inch to arrive, a 45 inch TV and then I have a dining room table the tears will not be coming with it.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Ryan Wells AB: And then let's see.
Ryan Wells AB: That's pretty much it, no, and I have a large coffee table.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Okay, no worries there.
Ryan Wells AB: Yup, that is it, the rest is just like small Nicka.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic, it's the okay, no worries mis.
Ryan Wells AB: Cause I have a truck too and I want to be loading my truck up.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic. Yeah, that'll definitely help out with the overall timeframe there. The furniture that you've listed is there anything that has like glass incorporated, like, glass top or glass shelving glass doors, anything like that.
Ryan Wells AB: No, the buffet thing behind the couch, it's marble.
Hector Zavala: Okay, gotcha, and that's why it's so heavy makes sense.
Ryan Wells AB: Yup, and that is it though. I don't trust myself having too much glass in the living room. So, and there was recently, I mean we're in the process of moving anyway, so, but there's, I had a, I have a high functioning hyper dog, so.
Hector Zavala: Alright.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Oh, yup, so no need to have things easily breakable on the counter and makes sense. Okay?
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah, and then I mean, outside of that, the only fragile, fragile thing and there's TV it's hung up on the wall. Will they be able to get that down for me?
Hector Zavala: Okay. Absolutely. We have the tools necessary to take care of any mm-hmm.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay, yeah, cause I can't, okay, yeah, cause I had a soi, a shoulder, a whole shoulder reconstruction about a month and a half ago. So I can't pick up no more than like £20.
Hector Zavala: Understood, gotcha, gotcha, no worries. Yeah, we can, we have all the tools necessary to take care of disassemble and reassembly. We can also remove TVs as well as the mounts from the wall. The only thing that we can't do is reinstall the TV while the mount and the TV in your new home because that involves making holes and walls. Okay, cool, cool, as long as you're aware, fantastic, and then also we do ask with the TV that you keep the power cord with it that way we could test it before and after just make sure that it's in perfect working order so that we can include it in that no worries, damage coverage.
Ryan Wells AB: That's completely okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Perfect.
Hector Zavala: Okay, fantastic, alright, cool. So let me widdle this down for sure. Yes, sir.
Ryan Wells AB: Hey! So wait real quick. What do I need to do with the TV?
Hector Zavala: Oh, just keep the power cord with the TV, so that when our movers come to move it, they could turn it on that way. It just to check and make sure that there's no like, previous cracks or damage to it. So, we can make sure it's covered by our no worries, damage coverage.
Ryan Wells AB: Okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Will do?
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: And then looks like the chestnut falls drive is about fifteen minutes away, so I just wanna make sure that drive time is included in, with the estimated time.
Hector Zavala: And for your couch for give me a quick.
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah, I'd say it's right around like ten to thirteen minutes.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, for your couch, is that leather or white?
Ryan Wells AB: It's a fabric.
Hector Zavala: Fabric. Okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Yup. The legs itself are already off of the couch. So that'll be even easier.
Hector Zavala: Of course we're still gonna cover mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Okay, awesome, yeah, that'll definitely help out there. Cool, cool.
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah, I moved that in myself and it was awful to move-in by myself.
Hector Zavala: Cool, awesome.
Hector Zavala: Well, that's awesome. He's like no worries. So we'll be there to help out for sure, okay?
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah.
Ryan Wells AB: The only thing that'll be challenging is the dining room table. So, I think it's about a 99 and a half foot long by.
Ryan Wells AB: 3.2 foot table, but you cannot take the legs off of it cause it is a handmade table.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Oh, okay good. I like I was actually working under the assumption that lakes off. Gotcha.
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah, I built, I've, I built it. Yeah. Yeah. I built it so you cannot take the legs off but you can move it in and out, cause I was able to move it in. It's just heavy and awkward.
Hector Zavala: Okay, gotcha, gotcha. Good to know.
Hector Zavala: No worries.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: But I have widdle down the overall estimate for you is like, it's definitely not gonna take the span of seven hours to move all that for you.
Hector Zavala: Though as far as it being within the time span of the minimum, I feel like that might be a little optimistic just because of dealing with like heavier and larger pieces. We just wanna make sure that we have enough wiggle room for the overall timeframe to get those pieces safely maneuvered in and out of your homes. And then also, because we do know that the table can be moved in and out of the home that you're in currently. But just, we might want to have some wiggle room for the logistics of getting it into your new home. Just making sure that you have enough time to figure that out in case there are some kind of tighter corners that need to be made, makes sense so far.
Ryan Wells AB: No.
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah.
Ryan Wells AB: It'll actually be easier to move and move into the newer home.
Hector Zavala: Oh, fantastic never mind. I just have the tendency of leaning on the conservative side. You know, my experience as a movers like, you always want to make, make some time for the, oh, Justing or, oh, I forgot about this or you know complications so I appreciate your patience while I'm figuring this out with you, okay.
Ryan Wells AB: Yeah, yeah.
Ryan Wells AB: No worries.
Hector Zavala: Alrighty. So, I got your estimate widdled to three hours. So I imagine it'll be in anywhere between the two and a half hour minimum, two to three hours perhaps. And so to that in, for the three hour estimate, that would be an overall total of around $710.
Ryan Wells AB: No worries.
Ryan Wells AB: Perfect.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic. Alright. Well I appreciate you giving us a call back so that we can get this hashed out for you and that way you know, we don't have to worry about having a crew their thumbs for the rest of the day. So we definitely appreciate that. Alright, do you have any other questions or concerns for me?
Ryan Wells AB: That sounds good to me.
Ryan Wells AB: No sir that should be it.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic, alrighty, and then I'll send you a new confirmation email just to verifying all of what we've discussed so far. And if you have any other questions or concerns, just feel free to reach out and we'll be happy to help.
Ryan Wells AB: Yes sir, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Hector Zavala: Absolutely! Have a great weekend boss.
Ryan Wells AB: You as well. Bye.