REP: Jack Davis
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6574388745379840
DURATION_MIN: 8.0
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 13:47 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jack Davis', 'Joseph Hendon']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Jack Davis: Hey, this is Jack with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you out today?
Joseph Hendon: Okay.
Joseph Hendon: Hi Jack! This is Allison. I was just interested in a quote for moving. I did the online one and it said I needed to contact someone because it's involved square footage that too large I guess.
Jack Davis: Cool.
Jack Davis: You good. Yeah, just I, so it we're just, is it just a one bedroom apartment?
Joseph Hendon: It's, I'm currently in a one bedroom apartment, but I'm moving into a, a house.
Jack Davis: Yeah, and you marked help with packing. Were you needing us to come in and box everything up. Where do you, or were you referring to like wrapping the furniture?
Joseph Hendon: Those. Yeah. I would need help boxing everything up.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool.
Jack Davis: Cool. We're completely time based. That's just a fat, it's just a function of time. The only added cost for packing is just the cost of our boxes and papers just like the materials but everything else with us is entirely just time based.
Joseph Hendon: Okay.
Joseph Hendon: That works.
Jack Davis: Alright. Are there any special consideration items, anything that's like super fragile, extra delicate family or looms anything like that?
Joseph Hendon: There is a, my dining table. I don't know if it's over £600 but it's pretty heavy. It took four grown man to carry it last time. I don't know if that account.
Jack Davis: If it's not over £600, I mean we normally we're, we should be fine with two movers, a large dining room table top. Hey, you know I don't want to send you three movers if it's not really warrant it cause it'll be more expensive and all that but obviously I wanna make sure that we can get everything but there's an Elle and there's elevator access are we we're not carrying it up to the second floor at the new place are we?
Joseph Hendon: Right.
Joseph Hendon: Yeah, I don't think it's six from the talent.
Joseph Hendon: No, it's gonna stay on the first floor of the new place and then there is an elevator at my current apartment.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool. Then that should be, that should be pretty easy to move then are there any, any other appliances like Washer/Dryer fridge?
Joseph Hendon: Okay, cool.
Joseph Hendon: No, just TVs.
Jack Davis: Any additional stops or just going straight over to the new place?
Joseph Hendon: Straight over and it's five minutes away.
Jack Davis: Alright. And as far as packing goes, it's kind of the hardest thing to estimate over the phone, we generally allocate, you know, just like extra time for packing just to be safe, fragile, and, and kitchen stuff. Obviously the most time consuming would you describe the kitchen as like, lots of glassware like, on every shelf in every cabinet, or is it a little bit more minimal?
Joseph Hendon: I got all the glass we already out, I move that. Yeah, the super fragile stuff I took out already. It's just everything else set is time consuming.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool.
Jack Davis: Alright. Well, let me already see the way that our pricing works and you were looking for Saturday the twenty sixth, is that right?
Joseph Hendon: Correct.
Jack Davis: So, on Saturdays or rates $103 per mover. So, two over team would be a $206 hourly rate included in that hour. The rate is just about everything. So, we'll wrap everything and blankets and shrink wrap we'll disassemble bed frame is put them back together for you. Absolutely everything is included in that cost. The only time we add a, a fee is, is with packing. And so a packing. Again, it's just the cost of our materials, they're relatively cheap. I put in maybe $100 in packing materials but if we don't use a lot of wardrobes, I don't think it'll be, you know, all $100, but ultimately, it's just based on time that time starts when we actually arrive and start moving that time stops once we've delivered and set everything up at the new place. So there's a two and a half hour minimum and then anytime after the two and a half hour minimum is pro rated fifteen minutes at a time.
Jack Davis: Typically a one bedroom apartment will take us anywhere for about three to four hours to complete packing. We generally allocate about the same amount of time as moving, so I would assume anywhere from about three to four hours of moving and then probably only about like, two ish hours a packing or maybe three and three. So it brings me to roughly about six hours to complete the move. If we were to say finish in six hours and use $100 and packing materials. You'd be looking at a total of $1,336, but again, it's all just based on time. So, if there's not too much to pack, it only takes us an hour we finish the whole move-in in four and a half or five hours. That's how much you paid for it's all just based on time. Do you have any questions about the pricing or the process?
Joseph Hendon: Mm-hmm.
Joseph Hendon: What do I need to do about furniture that I'm not keeping? Do I need to go ahead and discard that? So, like I have a bed in the house already and I'm just getting rid of my bed here.
Jack Davis: If you, we don't offer we don't have like our own junk removal like we can't take it away. But if you have like a dumpster on site or somewhere for us to take it would just be that we would just, you know, carried over to the dumpster, set it there, and it would just be the time for us to, to do that. But obviously that's still substantially faster than if we had to move it. So if you're not moving up certain furniture items that's just gonna help bring your time down sub significantly.
Joseph Hendon: Okay.
Joseph Hendon: Okay. Okay, cool. And then is there anything I need to do ahead of time in terms of like making it easier for them to pack or.
Jack Davis: The main thing would just be just keeping it organized if you have a plan if you get in there. Hey, guys, I need you to pack everything from here to here please label it this and, and don't touch anything over here, that's in this corner. Cool. Then there's no communication errors, they can just kind of get to work, we're very autonomous, but when everything where there's stuff everywhere and there's no clear set direction, it's gonna be kind of hard to know what to pack and whatnot to. So just more organized. I guess you can make it easier it'll be and then obviously if you do any packing yourself that's just gonna break down your time. But but yeah, I would just recommend keep you things organized at the unload, there'll be, the movers will have things for you to help the, you know we have these large open top bins that will carry some miscellaneous items in a lot of times they'll you know set in the living room and then it's like, if you wanted to start moving around some of the small things while we're unloading the furniture. Then you can save time. So all all sorts of things that you.
Joseph Hendon: Mm-hmm.
Joseph Hendon: Mm-hmm.
Joseph Hendon: Okay, cool, and then I need, do I need to be present the entire time?
Jack Davis: You. No, you do not. As long as you're someone's there at the beginning and the end, just to sign the contract to get the time started, and then to sign the contract to end the time and then take payment if you need to leave or anything during that time, totally fine, just let her movers know and they'll, and they'll work autonomously.
Joseph Hendon: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Jack Davis: Of course, I'll send you this quote now from here. If you, if you would like to, to move forward we can get you set up at anytime. There's no deposits and there's no cancellation fees. If you ever decide you want to you know, change or change a date or, or just hire a different company, there's no payment upfront, you don't pay anything until your move is actually been completed. For however long the move takes. So, yeah, I'll send, if you wanna move forward all you gotta do is respond to the email that I sent and then we can get you set up and scheduled.
Joseph Hendon: Awesome, thank you so much. Yeah, I definitely wanna move forward with it. That would be great.
Jack Davis: If you'd like I can confirm it. I can say we're set and scheduled for the twenty sixth I'll send you a confirmation email that says we're scheduled and then we'll be ready to go. So if you'd like to you want to book it now.
Joseph Hendon: Yeah, I would love to.
Jack Davis: Cool. 8:30 AM start time work for you.
Joseph Hendon: Perfect.
Jack Davis: Cool, I'll send you a confirmation email. We'll be set and scheduled for the twenty sixth. You won't hear anything from us till a few days leading up to the move, you'll get an email that introduces you to your movers and then we will call you on the morning of the move, as soon as we're heading your direction.
Joseph Hendon: Awesome, I really appreciate it thank you.
Jack Davis: Of course. Thank you so much. Bye-bye.
Joseph Hendon: Okay, bye.