REP: Jeline Lavarias
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6019054909825024
DURATION_MIN: 10.9
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 15:25 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jeline Lavarias', 'Lavender Onyxheart']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Lavender Onyxheart: Hello.
Jeline Lavarias: Hi, good morning. This is juline with Einstein moving. Hi, am I speaking with rever?
Lavender Onyxheart: This is her.
Jeline Lavarias: Hello, so I'm actually calling because we received your request for an estimate for your upcoming move on September 26th which is a Saturday. Is this a good time to talk about your move?
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. Let me confirm our pickup address is at 17475 happiest round San antonio 78257.
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm it would be apartment. 8114. Is the, what is the, like, I didn't put the apartment number in. Cause there, there wasn't really a place for it. But yeah, that, that's the apartment number.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Okay, again, sir, that's 8114.
Lavender Onyxheart: Yup.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And this is a 600 square feet, one bedroom apartment on the first floor.
Lavender Onyxheart: Yeah, I give the Clare, I'm not quite sure the exact thing but I believe it was it, it's not, it's not, oh, it's 600 to 800 at most it's not very big.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, are there an?
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm okay but just to confirm it's only a one bedroom apartment.
Lavender Onyxheart: Yeah. Yup, and there's no, no, no, there's only a few, only, there's not that much delay of stuff to move. To be honest, there's gonna be a few storage boxes a standing freezer and a few small appliance of and a bed and that's about it.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, but are you there?
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. So bad as any freezer and is the storage boxes.
Lavender Onyxheart: I'm sorry.
Jeline Lavarias: Storage box.
Lavender Onyxheart: They're like, storage bins are like a Boo yeah, they're like, I think about two by three and by one and a half foot deep, I'm not sure the exact exact dimensions, but I was like, I generalizing.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, sorry just been second.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, okay. That's okay. Thank you but the furniture. Why are we only moving the bed?
Lavender Onyxheart: I I'm sorry.
Jeline Lavarias: In terms of furniture, are we only moving a bed or there's also some couch test?
Lavender Onyxheart: There's no couch. Unfortunately as well. I haven't as like I moved in here a year ago and I have not been able to get a hold of the rest of the furniture that I was trying to get so, and have to leave now. So, I only have what I got.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm okay. Yeah.
Jeline Lavarias: So just to confirm you don't have any workout equipment a safe or a washer or dryer uh-huh.
Lavender Onyxheart: No, the washer and dryer is part of the unit.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. How about a TV that is more than sixty inches?
Lavender Onyxheart: Nope, no TV.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Do you have anything available like our pieces or anti collections?
Lavender Onyxheart: No.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Normally for a one bedroom apartment we see fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you think you would fall within that range?
Lavender Onyxheart: Not even that many.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Lavender Onyxheart: Cause the stuff that's being, the stuff that's being stored is only, the only stuff that I'm not taking with me the like the furniture and such.
Jeline Lavarias: And that's gonna.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm what are the other furniture that you'd like a, I.
Lavender Onyxheart: Let's see I have two chairs that I, that I have the Ament. Freezer the bed and mattress of the bed frame and the mattress. I have a, a small dresser, a, a night stand. And I have three small appliances, I believe it'll be going. Let me, thanks for hold on a second.
Lavender Onyxheart: Maybe only two I, I'd have to go back and look through my items. And I have a small mini fridge as well that will be being stored.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Lavender Onyxheart: So, like between everything I think there's like.
Lavender Onyxheart: Maybe ten items.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Alright. Okay. And removing everything at a storage unit. The address here is 2417. Jackson Keller road, San antonio. 78230.
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm yeah, I go ahead.
Jeline Lavarias: And this is a.
Jeline Lavarias: I'm sorry. So, this is a 10x10 storage unit on the first floor. Is this an outdoor storage unit or a climate?
Lavender Onyxheart: I believe it has an, it has a drive up, it says, it is drive up, so you can, cause there's, I think there's both an indoor, in, an outdoor, you know, doorway you can get, get, get into it, and what the come with the, I haven't actually gone there to see it yet, so I don't know exactly, what it looks like because I set it up online but the, it said it had two you had multiple entrances, so.
Jeline Lavarias: I'll drive out.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm. Oh.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Uh-huh okay. Alright. By the way, at the current apartment, can we just park in front of your, in front of your unit?
Lavender Onyxheart: Unfortunately, no, cause my, the way the unit works is there's a, is it opens into a, like a breezeway and the actual entrances to that breezeway are on either end of the building. So it's a, it's about a fifty to a hundred foot walk from like what the closer entrance that's to me is about fifty to a hundred foot walk from my, my door.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Lavender Onyxheart: I'm not sure the exact links I have. I haven't actually like measured it but it's I I'm the third or the second I'm not sure exactly the member of I think I'm the second apartment on the it like when you come through the Bree and through the doorway the, from the entrance turn left towards where my apartment is. It's, I'm like the second or the third apartment on the left.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Alright.
Jeline Lavarias: Uh-huh.
Lavender Onyxheart: So, it's not a very far distance, it's just, it's just not quite on the entrance. At, at the entrance.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Uh-huh, okay, understood. Thank you for sharing that with me. So yeah, I got all the information I needed here so let me know discuss with you the pricing and your estimate. So but before that do you have any questions or do you have any concern about the moving process, anything that you'd like to talk about or any worries?
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm.
Lavender Onyxheart: Well, I'm wondering do it, will I need to go with you guys to the like, you know, like you know, not in the vehicle of course. But like, the driving follow following or leading the way to the for unit to like, cause like, do you, do I give you the guys the code to get in or how do we do that?
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Well, you don't really need to follow with the truck or like for us to do a con, voice for this. You can definitely give us the code for the storage unit, but of course, we want you to be present as well at the storage unit in case you have any instructions, and of course ma'am the payment will be collected after we completed the move. So, we really need you to be at the storage unit.
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm.
Lavender Onyxheart: Okay. Alrighty, I can do that.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you so, for the estimate ma'am, because here at Einstein, we charge an hourly rate that is $206 per hour for two movers already. And everything is included to that gas and truck taxes, insurance, all the wraps, and pads, to protect the items when being moved and all the tools to disassemble and reassemble the furniture. The only thing on top of that rate is we do have a travel fee of $70 but that's only one time fee here, an ein, no heat and fees of any time, no credit card fees, no terrible fees, no disassemble fee. So again, no hidden fees of any type. And for every move we do have a minimum of two and a half hour.
Jeline Lavarias: After that minimum the time is prorated in fifteen minute increments. So for your elevens are normally for a one bedroom apartment. We finish the move-in. Three and a half to four and a half hours but in your case we're only moving few pieces of furniture here and boxes from the first floor apartment going to a drive up storage unit. So, I will only estimate the move to be on the minimum of two and a half to three hours just to give you a range. So the estimated cost is $585 to $688 but of course, this is only my estimate, if the move will only take about the minimum hours, then you will only be charged for the minimum charge of $585.
Lavender Onyxheart: Mm-hmm.
Lavender Onyxheart: Okay, alrighty.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm and then.
Lavender Onyxheart: Well, I'll see what I can do. I'm, I'm, am shopping around so I'll make, I'll make it back to you guys when I'm, once I've gone through my other options.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, no worries. Uh-huh I'll just send you an estimate email as well so you can see that details and the pricing breakdown and then if ever you've decided that you want to book with Einstein just reply to that email or give us a call.
Lavender Onyxheart: Alrighty, thanks so much.
Jeline Lavarias: Alright, you're very welcome. Thank you so much for your time and have a good day.
Lavender Onyxheart: Bye-bye.
Jeline Lavarias: Bye.