REP: Jeline Lavarias
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6117812179869696
DURATION_MIN: 10.1
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 14:41 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jeline Lavarias', 'Logan Martinez']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Logan Martinez: You record your name and reason for calling. I'll see if this person is available.
Jeline Lavarias: With Einstein moving.
Logan Martinez: Thanks, Heleen with Einstein. Please stay on the line.
Logan Martinez: Hello.
Jeline Lavarias: Hi, good morning this is juline with Einstein moving, am I speaking with Logan?
Logan Martinez: This is he?
Jeline Lavarias: Hi, I'm actually calling because we received your request for an estimate for your upcoming move on September 19th. So is this a good time to talk about your move?
Logan Martinez: Yeah.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. Let me just confirm pickup location is at 19500 US, highway 281 north, so, San antonio, Texas. 78258.
Logan Martinez: Right.
Logan Martinez: Yes, mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And this is a two bedroom apartment, 1000 square footage on the first floor, is that correct?
Logan Martinez: Yes, it's like, so it's like on the first floor, but you have to go down the stairs. So it's kind of like the basement.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: But there's only like one set of stairs.
Logan Martinez: Yeah.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: For the parking area, what's the distance to go to the stairs?
Logan Martinez: Oh, to, to go from the parking lot to the stairs.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes.
Logan Martinez: Let's see.
Logan Martinez: It's about twenty feet.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm and then once we are on the like the basements to like, the, at the bottom of that's there, like, what's the distance to you get into your apartment?
Logan Martinez: Oh, from the top of stairs about ten feet.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. So it will only be a short walk. Okay, mm-hmm but I just like to ask if there are any additional rooms where we have to get your face. Let's say, do you have an office room? Do you have a storage here, or maybe where we have to get your things?
Logan Martinez: Yeah.
Logan Martinez: No, no.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And normally for a two bedroom apartment we see 25 to 35 boxes. Do you think you would fall within that range?
Logan Martinez: No, I don't. Well and mostly it's just gonna be for like the bigger furniture.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, okay. Alright sir.
Jeline Lavarias: So furniture only, no boxes.
Logan Martinez: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: And are we moving anything have you like over card equipment safe or maybe a piano?
Logan Martinez: No, not that heavy.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay and anything valuable like our pieces or anti collections.
Logan Martinez: Not super valuable. I think the one we're most concerned about is just the TV is like $800.
Jeline Lavarias: How large is your TV?
Logan Martinez: The 65 inches.
Jeline Lavarias: 65 inch just to inform you Logan we do not have a TV case that can hold your 65 inch TV. With, what we normally do is we wrap them with layers of moving blankets to protect them sharing the move. Now just a question that you're concerned about this, let me just also mentioned that here at Einstein we do have an additional insurance coverage that can cover you up to $2,000 per move. If there are any accidental damages. So, if ever that this get damaged just reported to us as soon as possible. So, our claims department can start working on it. But of course our movers are not daily contracted workers. They are really well chained in this industry and we normally handle.
Logan Martinez: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Large TV, so I can assure you that we can take care of your TV.
Logan Martinez: Okay, perfect.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Thank you. And then are we moving any large pipes like washer or dryer or maybe a fridge?
Logan Martinez: A washer, and a dryer.
Jeline Lavarias: Sure. Dryer, okay.
Jeline Lavarias: May I ask, what are the other furniture that you'd like us to move?
Logan Martinez: I'm sorry, come again.
Jeline Lavarias: What are the other furniture that you'd like us to move?
Logan Martinez: No, it's gonna be a dining room table, a twin size bed frame or a twin size bed and then also a queen size bed.
Logan Martinez: Yeah, that's, I think that's it.
Jeline Lavarias: How about a couch dresser coffee table?
Logan Martinez: A little coffee table. We're still thinking about well, yeah, I'll put what is it the couch, a, a couch as well.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Thank you. And then we're moving everything at 2503 line park, San antonio 78209.
Logan Martinez: Right.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: And this is a 1100 square feet, two bedroom apartment on the first floor.
Logan Martinez: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Are you already familiar with the place like can you tell me the distance from the parking to your apartment.
Logan Martinez: Yeah, yeah, we can park right up against the door if.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Logan Martinez: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, let me, I'll discuss the pricing and your estimate here. So look here on Einstein. We charge an hourly rate which is $206 per hour for two movers already. And everything is included to that gas and truck taxes, insurance, all the wraps and pads, to protect the items when being moved and all the tools to disassemble and reassemble the furniture, and here at Einstein. No hidden fees of any type, no credit card fees, no terrible fees, no transportation fees. So again, no hidden fees of any Ty. And let me just also inform you that here at Einstein we do have a minimum of two and a half hour so after that mini move, the time is prorated in fifteen minute increments.
Jeline Lavarias: So, for your move since we're coming from let's say a basement there will be like one side of stairs with a special items that we have to take extra care of going to a first floor apartment. I estimate your move to finish in three and a half to four and a half hours. So the estimated cost for your move is between $721 to $927 but of course Logan this is only my estimate. If ever the move takes less than this, then you will only be charged for how much time we use during the move.
Logan Martinez: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: And of course, we can also put you now on our schedule for Saturday to secure your truck for next, for next week. Anyway, no deposit is required so no risk and securing your spot. So if something comes up, if ever you want to reschedule, just let us know you are free to do so. So with that, would you like to be on the schedule today?
Logan Martinez: I'm sorry one sec. Sorry my timer for now but yeah, I would like to be put on the schedule.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm okay, our arrival window is between 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM. Are you okay with that schedule?
Logan Martinez: Yes, that's perfect.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Thank you. May I know what's, what is the unit number of the current apartment please?
Logan Martinez: Yeah, the current one is 1202.
Jeline Lavarias: And for your new apartment.
Logan Martinez: New one is 1201.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, okay, thank you so Logan I'll be sending you now your confirmation email. So on that email there will be a bolted list like the date and time that we agreed upon the addresses and your contact information. So if everything is good then we're good to go but that if you have any more questions or concern just let us know through email.
Logan Martinez: Awesome, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Jeline Lavarias: Of course, you're very welcome. Thank you so much for your time and of course, thank you for choosing inside. Moving have a good day.
Logan Martinez: You too, bye.
Jeline Lavarias: Thank you, bye-bye.