REP: Jespah Lara
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6047372302917632
DURATION_MIN: 8.1
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-09 15:38 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Emmanuel Akinleye', 'Jespah Lara']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Emmanuel Akinleye: For calling. This is.
Jespah Lara: This is Jessa with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
Emmanuel Akinleye: Good morning. My name is Emanuel and I was previously working with Bree. Is she available by chance?
Jespah Lara: Let me see. Give me one second to see where she is.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay.
Jespah Lara: I'm texting her right now. Give me a second here manual.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay.
Jespah Lara: Okay, I sent her a message. I'll give her a couple of seconds to respond to see if she's actually at her desk or not I guess in the meantime, you can ask me a question. Maybe I can just answer directly for you.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Sure, but I sent a follow up email. It was over the weekend but I was just following up to see I have a scheduled move date right now for the.
Emmanuel Akinleye: I think it, yeah, the twenty second but I was wondering if it was possible to move up, nine move date to the seventeenth I just wanted to see if there was truck and labor availability for that.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, I can check that for you here. That is a Thursday.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Correct, I think she was saying like Tuesdays and Thursday so like, typically slower days and easier to move, but I just wanted to check to see if there was availability.
Jespah Lara: I'm checking for you right now.
Jespah Lara: So we do, the only thing is that it's at the north Austin branch, instead of the south Austin branch and they're physically further away from you. So that would, that would just introduce a travel fee that we can avoid that we keep it at the south Austin branch but sometimes I can actually move stuff around between branches, so I'm taking a look to see if actually there's a spot I can open up on the seventeenth give me just a few more seconds to do that.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay.
Jespah Lara: Let's see.
Jespah Lara: So yeah, it looks like unfortunately, everything's booked out in a way where I can't move things between branches so we could do it through north Austin it would, it would increase the price by $150 so if that days, if that's worth that to you we can do it if not, we can keep you where you're at we have the sixteenth available at south Austin. I don't know if that's an option for you at all. That's a Wednesday.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Wednesday it's probably a little bit more on the tricky side. But let me check my account now. Give me a minute one second. Let's see.
Jespah Lara: Mm-hmm sure. Yeah, of course.
Emmanuel Akinleye: I have to check like three different work calendars so give me, actually it's slightly more than a minute, to be honest.
Jespah Lara: Sure, sure. Yeah, no rush at all.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay, yeah, unfortunately, yeah, the sixteenth would work, so we'll just keep it the at the twenty second, I believe it's at 8:30 on the twenty second. We will just stick with that unless is there, do you all do like some type of increase fees for moving back on a week and like a Friday, Saturday or Sunday or is it the same? What does that look like?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, so it is an increase fee for the weekends right now on the twenty second it's $208 an hour. On Sunday, it's not a dramatic increase, it's $210 an hour. So that's fairly comfortable and the twentieth we do have availability, the nineteenth is the most expensive day and that's $2,222 an hour. Which the nineteenth we do have available that day as well. So, yeah, I guess and that's all through south Austin so there wouldn't be that additional travel fee, it's just but increase in the, in the hourly rate.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Got it. I didn't even, I don't think I even knew that you all were actually open on Sunday. Can you tell me if I heard you mentioned Sunday the twentieth, what does the eighteenth looks like as far as availability for the south Austin office, if you didn't mention that so I assume there's no availability since it wasn't mentioned.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, let me, let me check it for you.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay.
Jespah Lara: It's a Friday.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Mm-hmm.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, actually that day is open. That's all. That's the same rate as Saturday. So that's $222 an hour for the two main team. So, in terms of the actual estimates, it was I believe $1,352 for the twenty second. If we move it to Friday it would be $1,443 for the total estimate. If you hit, you know exactly the six and a half hours. So yeah that is doable. That is an option. If that works better for you.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Mm-hmm.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay. So I think you're gonna half on my radar.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Can we actually, let's do, let's do the twentieth, let's do Sunday the twentieth. I think that'll actually make things easier and I think you said that was, that 210 versus 208 for the twenty second, is that correct?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, absolutely.
Jespah Lara: Correct. Yeah. So the difference in the estimate, there is much less. I think it go, come from excuse me. It goes from $1,352 to 1365 so a $7 difference there. Yeah.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Yeah, very nominal. Let's, let's do that. I think that gives me a little bit earlier and then also still avoid any fees from going from the north Austin the office as well as any increase like we can see. So I feel like that's a happy medium. So if we could switch that date from the twenty second, that Tuesday to the twentieth that would be perfect and is it a correct assumption that the start time will still be 8:30 AM for Sunday or would it be a different start time?
Jespah Lara: Yup.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, start time exactly the same. Everything stays the same except we're moving in up by to, to the Sunday instead. So, yeah, that spot is yours now the twentieth of this month Sunday. I'm gonna, after this phone call, I'll send you an updated confirmation email with the changes there which again is gonna be just the date but, yeah, I manual. Then that spot is yours.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Okay.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Perfect and I'm so sorry. I don't think I fully caught your name at the beginning. What was your name?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, my name is Jesper and it will be at the bottom of the email that I'm about to send you.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Perfect, thank you so much. Yes, but I appreciate your time. I will switch up on my calendar now until Sunday September 20th.
Jespah Lara: Of course.
Jespah Lara: Awesome! Yeah. It's my pleasure. We're looking forward to it. We'll see you then if you need us for any reason before then though just give us a call. We'll be here.
Emmanuel Akinleye: Sounds good. Thank you so much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Jespah Lara: Alrighty, you too. Take care.