REP: Jespah Lara
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4986893314334720
DURATION_MIN: 7.1
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-10 17:21 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jespah Lara', 'NI LUH BUDAWATI']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Jespah Lara: This is just with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Hi there, I wanna ask that I wanna move tomorrow. Do you think it's possible if I book it right now?
Jespah Lara: I can check my calendar for tomorrow. Let me pull that up and see what we have available. Give me just one moment here in while the calendar loads. Let me grab a few details here, so I know roughly what I'm looking for, what kind of residents are you moving from.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Yeah.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Apartment.
Jespah Lara: Okay. And how many bedrooms in your current apartment?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: In current apartment it's only like two bedroom and the next moving I have like three bedrooms.
Jespah Lara: Okay. So moving from a two bedroom apartment into a three bedroom apartment, is that right?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Yeah.
Jespah Lara: Okay. And what is the zip code that you are moving from and moving to?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: It's a 1615 Royal Crest.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Two let me, let me, give me a second.
Jespah Lara: Okay.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: I'm moving from jewel apartment six and sixteen royal cross to a apartment.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: In east side.
Jespah Lara: Do you know what the zip code is there or do you have the address?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: For the next apartment will be appointment.
Jespah Lara: Yes, for the, for the new one.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: One.
Jespah Lara: Say that one more time.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: I wonder I 14501 east riverside.
Jespah Lara: Got it, okay.
Jespah Lara: Okay, let me see what my calendar looks like for tomorrow. Give me just one moment here.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Mm-hmm.
Jespah Lara: And I'm looking at both of our Austin branches to kinda cast a WideNet for you. So, unfortunately tomorrow, both north and south Austin offices are booked out. We have our earliest availability is Saturday morning. Is that helpful to us? Is that too late for you?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Saturday morning.
Jespah Lara: Correct.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Let me check. Give me a second, okay?
Jespah Lara: Sure.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Yeah, I think we can for Saturday morning. And do you mind if I can you tell me that the price?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, so the at least the hourly rates for Saturdays. Usually a two bedroom apartment only requires a two man team, so, if we send a, a two man team that costs $222 an hour, you know, from start to finish there are zero additional fees on top of that. So, it's just, excuse me it's just the hourly rate, you know, until, until we're done with the move. That's the, you know, internal how the pricing works. But I can get more specific here with a few more details.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Alright, it's 200 what?
Jespah Lara: $222 per hour for the two man team, correct?
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Per per hour, okay.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: 200, and is that include the driver or there was some movers or something.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, that includes everything. So it includes the crew, the truck taxes, liability coverage all of the materials we use to move and protect everything like, you know, blankets and shrink wrap dollars and hand trucks, store and floor protection. Even any tools we may need for disassemble or reassembly. So it includes everything that we'll need.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Alright, cool. I will apply trans first. I will call them and if we agree, if they agree I will call you back.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. If you need we'll be here.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: So, so it's Saturday morning, like, morning what time?
Jespah Lara: We will be on site between 8:30 and nine.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: 8:30 and nine. Okay, what if I book like two hours, is that possible?
Jespah Lara: So we have a two and a half hour minimum. So the smallest charge that we have is for two and a half hours. And if, let's say we use exactly two and a half hours that comes out to a total of $555. Typically we're moving the entire two bedroom apartment takes longer than two and a half hours. But if you want we can just set you up with only that amount of time move, you know, the biggest heaviest items first move what we can within that time and anything that's left behind you can move on your own.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Yeah, that's the acu, actually, the things like, we have a lot of people here and the thing is, we actually only need the truck and the driver that's why I think that it's possible for us to move like, probably, only one hour to be honest, that's only like a three wasn't in three bed and two. So far the small sofa deli.
Jespah Lara: Okay. Yeah, if you're moving just three beds and two sofas. I agree. I think that can all be done within the two and a half hour minimum like there won't be any boxes or anything like that either you, that'll, you'll move that on your own.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Yup, so for the one hour it's 222 so it's half, two and a half hour is gonna be how much it's gonna be?
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jespah Lara: 555, that's the minimum. Correct, correct.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: 555. Alright so, that the minimum how that you have is two and a half hours.
Jespah Lara: Correct, that is right.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Alright. So I can book per hour. I mean it's one hour weekend right?
Jespah Lara: We can't book anything small than two and a half hours because that is our minimum.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Alright, alright cool. Alright, I'll call you back after I call my friend, okay?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, we'll be here if you need us.
NI LUH BUDAWATI: Alright, thank you so much sir.
Jespah Lara: Of course. Take care. Bye.