REP: Joanna Ballon
BRANCH: Houston Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6289731550224384
DURATION_MIN: 13.6
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 21:06 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Joanna Ballon', 'Robin Smith']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Robin Smith: Yeah.
Joanna Ballon: Hello, good afternoon. This is Joanna from Einstein. Moving is this robin?
Robin Smith: It is. How are you? That was quick?
Joanna Ballon: Yeah, just before I go, mm-hmm just before I go, I said I'm gonna call robin now. So here I am, okay, so in order for me to provide you a more personalized estimate robin, I just need to, to ask you some questions about them, okay?
Robin Smith: I thought somebody call tomorrow. Yeah.
Robin Smith: That's awesome.
Robin Smith: Sure. Okay. Just so you know, I'm at work for another half hour, so if I have to put you done, are you okay with that?
Joanna Ballon: Of course, I can actually send everything in the email too if that's better for you I understand that.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: I'd rather chat, it's just easy, you know what I mean? It's just easier than typing it.
Joanna Ballon: Yeah.
Joanna Ballon: Of course, no problem. So just let me know if ever you need to go or whatnot. Okay. Okay, alright, so I'll send everything in your email RS London number one @yahoo.com and right now you're planning to do this move on the 14th of October which is a Wednesday, is that right? Okay. Alright, then the address that we're coming from is 202727. Reviewer Street and then we're going to 1531 Bearing Drive. So the current apartment is a three bedroom apartment on the fourth floor but there's an elevator, mm-hmm.
Robin Smith: Alright, thank you.
Robin Smith: Yes, correct. Yeah.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Well it's a, it's a two bedroom with a study. It's not a, it's a two bedroom with a study. So obviously we use the study of a bedroom.
Joanna Ballon: I see. Okay, no problem. That's perfectly fine and that's a good to know as well now aside from the two bedroom and the study, do you have any other extra rooms, like maybe walk any furniture garage? We also need to move extra living room.
Robin Smith: Yeah.
Robin Smith: No, you know what it is. Well, we have you know, it's a small apartment, it's like 1250 square feet. So we have that but we're moving, we get the keys on September 30th so we're going to be moving like our storage units and stuff like that. So, there's not gonna be boxes, it's gonna be literally like our furniture. Like our beds, our kitchen table, the couch, I have a debt like that kind of stuff.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: I see.
Joanna Ballon: Yes, ma'am. Okay, no problem. So for that with that being sad so just two beds, I mean two bedroom suites probably dressers three beds in total. Okay, and then mm-hmm, go ahead.
Robin Smith: Yeah.
Robin Smith: Three beds. Yup.
Robin Smith: Yes, three beds a couch, a sleeper sofa couch.
Robin Smith: Kitchen table and chairs, a double bird cage. I'm trying to think, yeah, a couple of dressers, three, a desk, like a heavy desk. It's, it was my grandparents. I'm trying to think what else. A couple you know, just a couple of dresser that kind of stuff. Nothing, nothing crazy and I think, oh, you know, that you said everything will be in the actual apartment though cause we have two storage units but we'll empty those ourselves, and whatever we need moved like heavy, we'll bring into the apartment. So it's easy and.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: I see. Okay, no problem.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, no problem. Alright, if it's okay with you, I mean, just feel free to send us like a more complete list of everything removing or even photos if that's easier for you that way we'll just adjust the estimates accordingly. Before the meantime I'll just quote you for like a, a typical three bedroom apartment. And of course if we need to change that, then I'll let you know, okay? You mentioned that you have a very heavy desk but aside from that anything that you think is over 300 or 500 pounds like a safe piano kind of weight. Nothing like that, okay? Alright.
Robin Smith: Everything will be right in there.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Okay, yup.
Robin Smith: No, nope, no, nothing. No, god, no, we moved here from Connecticut. I we get where we you know, we own our house for 22 years so we did a huge, you know, got rid of all our junk before we move.
Joanna Ballon: Yes, mm-hmm okay, no problem, no problem. Thank you so much for letting me know. And then how about lodge items, paintings, artworks, glass tables mm-hmm.
Robin Smith: Nope, my kitchen table is glass.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, no problem. Thank you. Okay. And are you good? Okay, sure, no problem. Are you planning to do all the packing yourself or do you need help with packing as well?
Robin Smith: But all the our work and stuff will already be in the house.
Robin Smith: No, we're going to do it ourselves.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm and I know that you mentioned you're planning to move all the boxes. Should I just put, like zero boxes on a day or at least a few boxes as well to be moved?
Robin Smith: Yeah, yeah, may, maybe, in case we forget Tom, you know what I mean? Maybe just a couple of boxes but we're just gonna, like I said, we're gonna, because it's so close you know, as soon as we get the keys and this is how we moved into ours now, you know, so when the movers come, are already unpacked and they're moving our big stuff and we're done, like, we're already in.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Yes ma'am.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: That's good. Okay, no problem this one.
Robin Smith: You know that way I can like paint. Do my fun stuff before we move-in.
Joanna Ballon: I agree for the meantime, I just put around five to ten boxes but of course, if you're planning to move that yourself then that's totally fine. Okay. Alright, and just one last question for these apartment. Just the walking business from where we can park to the elevator at the first floor. Once we us about thirty to forty feet, do you think it's just within that range?
Robin Smith: Yeah, yup.
Robin Smith: Yeah, yes, because we can park right out front and then go, you know, you walk in the building and take the elevator up.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, that's good. And then once we get to the Ford floor. Is your door near those apartment. I mean, no, that near that elevator as well.
Robin Smith: It's at the very end of the hallway, it's not right there.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, do you think that's about $30, I mean, do you think it's about 23 school buses in total, just in case.
Robin Smith: Probably.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, no problem. I'll just take note of that.
Robin Smith: I'm thinking 12. Yeah, it's an easy shot. Right off the elevator you go down a little hallway and you're there. You know what I mean?
Joanna Ballon: Okay. Yes, ma'am. Okay, I will just account for that as well, just in case. Alright, and then after that we'll just bring everything to your new home, two story town home. How many bedroom town homes that, that's good.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Yup, and you can park right there.
Robin Smith: Say again.
Joanna Ballon: Sorry, is it a three bedroom townhome as well? Alright, thank you. Do you have any special instructions, concerns or stressors about moving in general that you want me to take note of at this time?
Robin Smith: Yes, three bed. Yup.
Robin Smith: No, I'm like, jee do I know? I know.
Joanna Ballon: Okay. Alright, let me.
Joanna Ballon: Sometimes we only, only know we get closer to the day of the move but of course moving get these stressful but, yeah.
Robin Smith: I'll tell you what I told my husband, this is the last move I'm doing, where I have to pack or do anything it the next time we're hiring somebody.
Joanna Ballon: I know, I understand. Yeah, don't worry we, you.
Robin Smith: We always say that but we always do it ourselves.
Joanna Ballon: Right. At least you still have, you know, a few weeks before just in case. And you know, you can also start moving.
Robin Smith: Well, you know, makes it easy, so like I said, I can go, I can paint, I, we can, I can hang up all the art, where I can do all of that, you know. So when you guys move us, we're there, like we're unpacked already and it's just so much easier cause obviously, when we moved here from Connecticut, you can imagine that was a shit know.
Joanna Ballon: That.
Joanna Ballon: Yeah.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm yeah, interstate moves we actually don't do it right now.
Robin Smith: Going from a house into an apartment. You no, no, I'm saying it was crazy all the boxes I was like never again.
Joanna Ballon: Okay. So without me said I'll just of course explain to you our pricing and how you work as well. Again this estimate may still change once you already have you know all I mean consolidated all of the bigger items that you want us to move for you guys. Okay. So, in-charge we charge hourly rates for all of our services. If you're really planning to move on a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. This is our actually our lowest hourly rate for the week which is $95 per hour per mover. So, for two men it's $190 per hour in case we need a third guy. Yup, yeah, sure.
Robin Smith: Right.
Robin Smith: Wait, hold on. Wait, I want to write this down. Wait, are you gonna text? Are you gonna email me this, oh, perfect, okay, okay, so now tell me how much it is, 200 an hour.
Joanna Ballon: I, I'm gonna email it to you so don't, you don't have to write down anything. Mm-hmm, okay.
Joanna Ballon: It's $9,595 per hour. Per mover. A $190 for two men. If we need a third guy then that's just an additional $95 per hour. Okay. But what's good about our pricing, it's all inclusive rates, I can guarantee there are no other fees outside of that hourly rate. It already includes the men and day truck, all the wraps furniture. If you need help with this assembly and reassembly taxes, insurance, fuel transportation, everything is already in that price. Okay, now we also include other features. You don't have to pay extra for this. We include this for every move. It's a no worries, damage, coverage of $2,000 for any accidental damages and also.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Okay, yup.
Joanna Ballon: Meet your mover feature, rest assured we don't take daily contract. The workers our guys are the most we movers in the industry and we'll send you their names ahead of time to let you know who's coming to help out with the move. And lastly, on time guarantee if we run late on the time we schedule, we provide discounts by the end of the day. Again, no hidden fees of any type, no credit card fees, no terrible fees, no transportation fees. All included in the price for the clock. We only start the time once we arrive at the pickup location and open the contract for you can have us for as long as you need us now for any move, there's just a two and a half hour minimum once we go over that, we only charge in fifteen minute increments. Does that make sense?
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: Okay. Now, typically a three bedroom apartment of this size usually can take five to seven hours to complete. Now the, Dif the unique thing about your move is that it's on the fourth floor. We do have an elevator and of course, I'll walk as well from where we can park to your apartment. Now. For the meantime, I'll just add a little bit more time for that, I'll put you on the seven and a half to eight and a half hour mark. But obviously, this can still change depending on the final inventor list that we're moving for you now. That's an estimated budget of $1,615 with two men and a truck. Again, how organized we are on today? I know that you know, you mm-hmm mm-hmm.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: You know, I did. You know what? I'm sorry. I what was the total. It, it's loud here. I didn't hear you. It was $1,000.
Joanna Ballon: I'm sorry if for an eight and a half hour job with two men and a truck it's $1,615. Okay, but this is just an estimate again, this may still change depending on our final items that we're moving for you how prepared we are. Especially if you're planning to move the other items yourself will help make things quicker. So the shorter to move the lower the cost at the end of the day, okay.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Thank you as well.
Robin Smith: What happens, if it only costs half. You know what if it's half that, thank you guys so much. Have a great night. Thank you. Thank you. See you latest. Thank you like I cooked it.
Robin Smith: Sorry, what is the move? Only takes four hours.
Joanna Ballon: It's okay.
Joanna Ballon: Then that's everything you have to pay. Again, we start by the twenty and a half hour once we hit that minimum mark. We only charge on every fifteen minutes until your move is complete and that's everything you have to pay, the shorter it will be the lower the cost. Yes, ma'am. That's correct. So this is just, based of a typical three bedroom with you know, with, with the items that we have mentioned. Again, I know we still have a month ago we don't know how much items you're gonna move yourself. Once you have the final list let us know, send us a photo. We will just adjust it according, okay?
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Got it and so eight and a half would be sixteen and change. Got it, okay.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Yup.
Robin Smith: Oh, got it. Okay, so if we don't have boxes and stuff, you guys can know what type truck and all that and what you think it would take to move it and that good stuff.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Uh-huh actually, we only have one size truck. It's a 26 foot box truck. It can accommodate up to 1800 square foot homes. So I think we should be good mm-hmm so.
Robin Smith: Okay.
Robin Smith: Oh, got it. Oh, yeah, absolutely, like I said our apartment is only 1250, so.
Joanna Ballon: I agree. So, yup, of course. We can just, you know, adjust it accordingly once we have a better idea of the final list we're moving for you.
Robin Smith: Okay, and how do you do payment? Do you do a half before or in full that day? How do you do?
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm okay, that's a good question. We actually do not take any deposits. I can definitely get you on the schedule right now, there's no risk and securing a spot. If you need to make changes later, all you have to do is give us a call. The payment is only upon completion of the move and we only accept cards for payment. So, the guys who already have a machine with them but there's no credit card fees cause that's already covered by the price that I've given you.
Robin Smith: Got it. Got it. Got it.
Robin Smith: Oh, per, I was gonna say I'm sure that's a card right.
Robin Smith: Okay, alright. So obviously I'm not finding anything to them just today's the first day I'm getting, you know, all the information and you are gonna email that be that correct?
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Problem.
Joanna Ballon: Yes ma'am that's correct and then of course, feel free to send us a photos or inventory list of everything we're moving for you, we'll just review it accordingly.
Robin Smith: Awesome.
Robin Smith: Yup, so I can.
Robin Smith: Perfect, thank you so much. I really appreciate all your help. You have an awesome evening. Thanks. Yup, bye-bye.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, you're welcome. You're welcome. Thank you so much. You too. Thank you.