REP: Jules Nicolas
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4512042887716864
DURATION_MIN: 12.3
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-10 21:04 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jules Nicolas', 'Melissa Juarez']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Jules Nicolas: Hi, this is Jules. How can I help you today?
Melissa Juarez: Hello, I'm ste, I need some movers but I want to tell you that I had a really bad experience with my last movers and, and.
Jules Nicolas: Oh, no. Tell me about it.
Melissa Juarez: Well, they really messed up a, a lot of my furniture and also the flooring at the rental health. I was moving into which clearly am responsible for. So I have a claimant with them manage who knows when that's going to get handled. But the thing that's going on is my home is being remodeled due to an insurance claim and so I moved out into a rental property and it's time for me to go back home, I just want somebody I can trust that we'll do a good job, it's really.
Melissa Juarez: Three rooms, not even three full rooms of furniture and it's a point nine mile drive.
Jules Nicolas: Got it. Okay, yeah, totally. We can help you with that. I'm so sorry that happened in your last move. When was your last move?
Melissa Juarez: It was on the fifteenth. So it hasn't even been a month yet.
Jules Nicolas: On the fifteenth.
Jules Nicolas: Got it, okay.
Melissa Juarez: But my house got finished early and I was recommended to this other company. And so I trusted them, went with them and the person who use and said they use so many times and never had a problem. Well, I had a significant problem and I need to, you know, now that my house was remodel modeled. I need to make sure, not only does my stuff get back home without getting further damage but they didn't, don't mess up my brand-new. Floors in my house as well.
Jules Nicolas: Mm-hmm.
Jules Nicolas: Got it. Yeah, no problem. We're gonna do our best to make sure this move would go as smoothly as possible. And by the way, what date are you looking into moving?
Melissa Juarez: The nineteenth that's possible I know it's kind of late but I just found out yesterday, you know but I can schedule to move back.
Jules Nicolas: Got it. Yeah, no problem. Let me check can you give me the address we're starting at and the address we are going to.
Melissa Juarez: Yup, 3716 suite Breier lane in Colleyville.
Jules Nicolas: Okay, give me one second.
Jules Nicolas: And I assume we're only moving within Colleyville as well.
Melissa Juarez: Well, it's Bedford.
Jules Nicolas: Oh, got it.
Melissa Juarez: And the address we're going back to it's 401 blue, J. court Bedford.
Jules Nicolas: Got it.
Jules Nicolas: Okay. Yeah, we do have availability on, on the nineteenth and let's get, let's get you quoted. So, I'm gonna start with a few questions to get us on the right track and then that would take about maybe like five to six minutes and then I'd be able to build you an accurate forward. I'm sorry. Can I have your first and last name again?
Melissa Juarez: Melissa, orris.
Jules Nicolas: And I also have your email address, please.
Melissa Juarez: M-A-J-I-C magic with a J. Magic Melissa at Hotmail.
Jules Nicolas: Okay.
Jules Nicolas: Are you currently in the house or a townhome?
Melissa Juarez: Uh-huh.
Jules Nicolas: Just for documentation, do you happen to know what's the square footage of that house?
Melissa Juarez: Oh, mm-hmm probably 3000? I mean, I don't really know.
Jules Nicolas: No problem. Got it. Is it a one story or two story?
Melissa Juarez: Well, it's mostly a one story. The master bedroom is the only thing up a flight of stairs.
Jules Nicolas: Got it. Okay. And about your new house. Do you happen to know what's the square footage of that house? Mm-hmm.
Melissa Juarez: My house.
Melissa Juarez: Is 2500 square feet?
Jules Nicolas: Okay, is it a one story or two story?
Melissa Juarez: It's a split level.
Jules Nicolas: Okay.
Melissa Juarez: So, it has like six stairs. I've only taken stuff from the upper level except for two things that are on the lower level and there would be no stairs.
Jules Nicolas: No problem. Okay, do you think you can give me a list of the items we're going to be moving, or would it be easier for you if we jump on a video call so you can walk me around your rental.
Melissa Juarez: I can tell you exactly what I have.
Jules Nicolas: Okay, great.
Jules Nicolas: Whenever you're ready.
Melissa Juarez: Okay. There's queen king size adjustable bed mattress.
Melissa Juarez: Do night stands two dressers?
Melissa Juarez: Well dresser and a Chester drawers. Two t.v.'s.
Melissa Juarez: Am I going too fast? Okay, a queen size bed and mattress and with one night stand.
Jules Nicolas: Not at all. Sorry, go ahead.
Melissa Juarez: A sofa and a love seat.
Jules Nicolas: Mm-hmm.
Jules Nicolas: Okay.
Melissa Juarez: An L. shape desk that comes apart in sections.
Melissa Juarez: And office chair.
Melissa Juarez: A separate arm chair.
Melissa Juarez: Another really small love seat.
Melissa Juarez: Refrigerator and a Washer/Dryer. Combo unit.
Jules Nicolas: Got it.
Melissa Juarez: And three little nothing stools for the counter. Actually, two.
Jules Nicolas: Got it, okay.
Jules Nicolas: Anything else that you can think of?
Melissa Juarez: Oh, how I have a box or two or bag or two put in the linens in. Maybe, maybe not might just move those myself.
Jules Nicolas: No problem. Okay, got it.
Jules Nicolas: Alright, well this is exactly what I need to get you an estimate but let me quickly discuss the pricing.
Jules Nicolas: So basically, we charge by the hour and our hour rate for a Saturday move is $222 per hour for two movers that hour rate includes the gas, the truck taxes and insurance. We will also bring our own tools if you need help with any disassemble or reassembly for the furniture. And we're also gonna grab the furniture and moving blankets, insurance wrap, and for the house, for both houses. If we're gonna layout kind of like floor runners on the floor so we can protect that as well and we also put coverings on doors and wall corners and all that to protect the house as well we're moving.
Jules Nicolas: And the only thing you'd see really outside of the hour the rate is a one time $75 transportation fee. Aside from that everything else is included in the hour. The rate, you know, we don't have anything like a fuel fee, no disassemble reassembly. Fees, no shrink wrapping, no hidden fees at all. So, basically the way the clock works would be that the time starts once we arrive at your current house and then you would have it first, as long as you need us, we have a minimum of two and a half hours and then after that we prorate every fifteen minutes.
Melissa Juarez: Okay, let me ask you this. The furniture is heavy, will two people be able to do it?
Jules Nicolas: Go ahead.
Jules Nicolas: How heavy are we talking about? Do you think any of those way more than £300 on its own?
Melissa Juarez: Oh.
Melissa Juarez: I wouldn't think so, except for the refrigerator and maybe the Washer/Dryer unit but they'll go on, they can go on Dolly. I'm sure.
Jules Nicolas: Yeah.
Melissa Juarez: But I'm just letting you know ahead of time that it's heavy. So they had three guys last time and I think what they did was I was not there, cause they were going upstairs but it looks like they dropped my bed on the stairs, so that I don't, I don't know how much that weighs but it is not light. So I'm just letting.
Jules Nicolas: Oh, no.
Jules Nicolas: For sure, for the bed if needed we're gonna take it apart instead of move it like after this because.
Melissa Juarez: I don't, I don't know that it'll come apart but I mean, if they have the, if they have the professional knowledge to do that might have been a better plan.
Jules Nicolas: For sure. Do you think you can send us a photo of it?
Melissa Juarez: Yeah.
Jules Nicolas: Awesome. Okay, one second.
Jules Nicolas: So in our experience two guys have definitely moved adjustable beds before. With the two guys. But if you send us a photo we can make sure it's something we're capable of move with handling with you guys. And if anything if we need three guys the hours rate basically is $111 per hour per mover. So for three guys it's gonna be $333 if we would need to do the third mover.
Melissa Juarez: Okay.
Melissa Juarez: Okay.
Jules Nicolas: But, with the two guys, I estimate that this move would take anywhere from six to seven hours with an estimated cost of $1,629, in case it'll take us seven hours. But of course, if we add in the third mover, the move will be a little bit more quicker.
Melissa Juarez: Okay.
Melissa Juarez: Okay.
Melissa Juarez: Okay.
Jules Nicolas: Great, and we do have that available day for September 19th starting around 8:30 to nine in the morning, if you would like to get on schedule.
Melissa Juarez: Yes ma'am.
Jules Nicolas: Sounds good. Alright. So, for now I'm gonna plan on sending just you guys and once we have the photos of you know, the items that we're going to be moving, we can let you know if we need to add a third ver.
Melissa Juarez: You just need a picture of the bed. Okay just if you, this is my cell so if you want to text me where to send that I'll get it to you tonight.
Jules Nicolas: Yes please.
Jules Nicolas: Sounds good. You know what? I'm gonna send you an email confirming your move. You can reply back to that email.
Melissa Juarez: Okay, okay.
Jules Nicolas: Awesome. Okay, I'll get you scheduled right now and sent over that email but if you have any questions, feel free to give us a callback. Otherwise, we'll see you on September 19th. Thank you.
Melissa Juarez: Thank you so much. Okay. Alright bye.
Jules Nicolas: Bye-bye.