REP: Khevan Dueck
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6021973130387456
DURATION_MIN: 11.9
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-11 16:49 CT
SPEAKERS: ['DEVINE RICHARD', 'Khevan Dueck']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
DEVINE RICHARD: Thank you for calling.
Khevan Dueck: Einstein Moving Company, this is Kevin. How can I help you?
DEVINE RICHARD: Hey Kevin. My name is rich. How you doing?
Khevan Dueck: Hey rich. How are you doing? I'm doing well, thanks.
DEVINE RICHARD: Hey, not too bad. Hey, I have a move coming up in October and one of the leasing ladies from enclave at hometown said that you guys just recently did a, a move out here and did very well regarding like a from, we're moving from one unit to a, to a townhome that's kind of across the parking lot.
Khevan Dueck: Okay, yeah.
DEVINE RICHARD: And was trying to see if you're interested in something like that.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, that's absolutely something we can do, so we do have a minimum so with smaller moves or like with anything that's kinda low inventory or very small we may not be the most cost effective but we're happy to be, you know, service any move big or small, the two and a half hour minimum on a standard day is gonna start at $555 and then we have our value days and then those are going to be our, you know, Tuesday, Monday through Thursday, lower hourly rates during the week. And then just depending on how long the move takes or if there's any, you know, packing needs or if we're outside of our free service area. But I can jump into all of that here with you and kind of get a good estimate for you.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, we have a two bedroom apartment.
DEVINE RICHARD: Now and we're just moving to one of the townhomes that's a three bedroom and the really the things that it's gonna be during the week, it's like October 14th I think and fifteenth those are two days to move from this apartment to the next department or to the hometown home. So and of course my wife and kids are going to be in school. So I'm gonna need a little help.
Khevan Dueck: Okay.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, of course, so, we'll start with building up a profile for you real quick. What is the best first and last name for your profile?
DEVINE RICHARD: Rich divine D-E-V-I-N-E.
Khevan Dueck: And this is the best phone number to reach you out rich.
DEVINE RICHARD: Yup, yup.
Khevan Dueck: Alright. And what is a good email address to send all of the information over to?
DEVINE RICHARD: Rich R-I-C-H-D as in dog, 370 @aol.com.
Khevan Dueck: And.
Khevan Dueck: What was the address we're starting at?
DEVINE RICHARD: 8601 ice house drive apartment 720 17 6180.
Khevan Dueck: And you said two bedroom apartment.
DEVINE RICHARD: That's zero, yup.
Khevan Dueck: Do you have an approximate square footage for your unit?
DEVINE RICHARD: I wanna say around I think it's 1100.
Khevan Dueck: Easy enough. Any additional rooms like a storage closet on a different level garage or anything like that.
DEVINE RICHARD: But if you have.
DEVINE RICHARD: There is. We do have a garage, but I'll take care of that. There's not a lot in there.
Khevan Dueck: Okay, and then any specialty items that we're moving antiques gun safe home gym equipment?
DEVINE RICHARD: One gun safe.
Khevan Dueck: Do you know if it's over £500?
DEVINE RICHARD: I don't think so because we're, we don't have that. It's not, it's not a really heavy safe, it's a like a five gun cabinet. It's not like a, it's like a almost like a filing cabinet type size.
Khevan Dueck: Okay, and then.
Khevan Dueck: Do we have any packing needs or will you be boxing everything up before we arrive?
DEVINE RICHARD: Well, I'm trying to box or box a lot of stuff up now. That is like not essential stuff for now cause I basically what I'm going out of town for a month and then like two days after I come back is when we moved. So I was trying to get them a lot of that stuff done now.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Once everything is packed and ready to go whether that's by, by yourself or if we're helping you out with that, typically, we would see something in the range of 35 to 45 boxes for an apartment this size. Do you feel like, that's the range we might fall or would you have a bit more a fewer?
DEVINE RICHARD: Probably I would say probably that.
Khevan Dueck: Alright.
Khevan Dueck: And then we're not making any stops between the first and final address.
DEVINE RICHARD: Nope.
Khevan Dueck: Alright.
Khevan Dueck: And the address we're moving to.
DEVINE RICHARD: It's the same address.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, yeah, that's right. You did mention that?
DEVINE RICHARD: It, yeah, here, I'm trying to, let me try to find the, give me one second to log into the app real quick here.
Khevan Dueck: Sure.
DEVINE RICHARD: 8108 I'm sorry. 80138013.
Khevan Dueck: And the first apartment that was on the ground floor, right? Or was it on the second or third. Second, that's right. Is the new apartment ground or is it second as well?
DEVINE RICHARD: Yeah, it's on the second floor.
DEVINE RICHARD: It, no, it's ground. It's one of the, I don't know if you've ever been out here but they got those small little town homes inside and it's one of those.
Khevan Dueck: Is it like a multiple levels?
DEVINE RICHARD: Yes. There will be just the bedrooms up on the second floor.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I know that kind, I know the type and then are we looking, is it similar size and square footage? Are we moving up or down?
DEVINE RICHARD: It's a little bit bigger.
Khevan Dueck: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: If you hang on one second I can find that all find out real quick here.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, it's not as important as the starting address especially if it's larger. Generally if it's smaller as where we start to consider additional time cause maybe everything doesn't fit, right? We got to pack things in specific way anything like that and then any special considerations that you're aware of there, like, are the, there's super narrow or steep or the ceilings low, anything like that.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, I got.
DEVINE RICHARD: Gotcha.
DEVINE RICHARD: I'm not that I'm aware of but I have not seen the steps at the new place yet.
Khevan Dueck: Okay, easy enough. Well, I've.
DEVINE RICHARD: Cause it was still, it's still occupied so I couldn't go in there and look.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, okay, no worries. Well, I've got everything I need to build up the estimate before we jump into that. Do you have any specific stresser or concerns about the moving process in general?
DEVINE RICHARD: No, I really the biggest thing is I just need help with the bigger stuff the beds the couches, T-V-T-V stamps and stuff like that.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, of course.
Khevan Dueck: Well, I'll jump right into the pricing structure for you. Real quick we charge an hourly rate. So on Thurs on Wednesday and Thursday would be the same hourly rate really $97 per hour per mover. The smallest thing we can send to the team of two, that's the size team we would send for something like this. So we're looking at an hourly rate of $194 for the team of two, no additional or hidden fees. So, there are no fees to, to come out to you, no fees for disassemble reassembly. Second floor load up two story. Unload booking cancellation, no fees of any type that hourly rate includes everything gas trucks taxes, insurance materials for moving, moving blankets, plastic stretch bans Dolly's tools, you name it.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
Khevan Dueck: We do have a two and a half hour minimum. After that. The clock is billed fifteen minutes at a time. So you're not charged for the full hour. If we go into it that two and a half hour minimum comes up to $485 after that it's fifteen minutes ahead of time. Generally a two bedroom apartment. It's gonna take somewhere in the five to six hour range. Based on the fact that we're moving within the same community focusing on the large items, you're plan to have some of those other things either taken care of before or after the move. Then I would estimate somewhere in the three to four hour range. If we took an entire four hours, we're looking at $776. If we beat that estimate, there are no fees to make up the difference. Does that make sense?
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, yup.
Khevan Dueck: Alrighty, well that is, sorry go ahead.
DEVINE RICHARD: It.
DEVINE RICHARD: Yeah, that's, that's, sounds good.
Khevan Dueck: Awesome. Well that's everything on my end. If you wanted to, we could save that spot for you on Wednesday the fourteenth and Thursday the fifteenth we do have standard morning arrival available. That's between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM. If you'd like, I can go ahead and save those spots and send over or save that spot and send over a confirmation email for you.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, let, let me just double-check one thing here part.
Khevan Dueck: Sure.
DEVINE RICHARD: Wanna make sure I gave you the right date. It might be the twelfth.
DEVINE RICHARD: Let me see if I can see when we're supposed to occupy that.
DEVINE RICHARD: If you can hang on one second, sorry.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, of course. No worries.
DEVINE RICHARD: October 13th.
Khevan Dueck: Thirteen, we've got availability on that one as well.
DEVINE RICHARD: Is the day we? Yup.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, and the pricing the same since it's still during the week.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, it wouldn't change until Friday and Saturday is gonna be a higher hourly rate. So it'll go up to 1:03 on Friday and Saturday. So, yeah.
DEVINE RICHARD: We.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay. Alright, Tuesday. Alright, let's do Tuesday the thirteenth and.
Khevan Dueck: And you want to go ahead and save that first thing in the morning booking.
DEVINE RICHARD: Yup, yup.
Khevan Dueck: Alrighty. Well, I've got you on the schedule. I'll send over a confirmation email your way. I have included everything in my notes. If you notice anything incorrect with the locations or the notes, then you can just let us know get that, we'll get that updated. Otherwise, we're all set. We'll send you a meet your mover email a few, a few days before you move. We'll reach out the day before to make sure there's no last minute changes and the guys will call you once they're headed your way.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Yup.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay and they don't have a problem taking a sectional couch part and moving that right?
Khevan Dueck: No.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay. Alright. Do you guys do any kind of mill of veteran discount or anything like that?
Khevan Dueck: Unfortunately not.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, I'm just curious. Hey the dog, the dog border actually. Duke, oh, I was like, well you know, let me just ask.
Khevan Dueck: No, yeah, of course.
DEVINE RICHARD: So alright, I appreciate the help.
Khevan Dueck: Of course. Thank you for taking the time and we look forward to working with you.
DEVINE RICHARD: Okay, thank you, sir.
Khevan Dueck: Of course, bye.
DEVINE RICHARD: Bye-bye.