REP: Landon Vaughan
BRANCH: McKinney Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5497350466871296
DURATION_MIN: 15.0
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 19:50 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Hunter Riley', 'Landon Vaughan']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Landon Vaughan: This is Landon with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
Hunter Riley: Hi, I'm calling because I'd like to book you guys to remove, I already spoke to someone about a quote. They never sent me anything over so I don't really know where to go with that but if you could just drop another, that's fine too.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, give me one second.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah I can. Did you give them an email or anything like that by any chance?
Hunter Riley: That's all I did, I talked to a bunch of movers, so, I don't know.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, yeah, I can just kind of reset. I can just kinda start from the beginning. What's your first and last name?
Hunter Riley: Riter H-U-N-T-E-R Riley.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Landon Vaughan: Okay. Would this be a good phone number to call you if you decide to go with us?
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: I gotcha. And then what's a good email?
Hunter Riley: H. awesome. C-O-S-S-U-M @gmail.com.
Landon Vaughan: C. As in like car or cat.
Hunter Riley: I'm sorry.
Landon Vaughan: Like you said cost them like with a C. In the beginning like C. as in cat. Okay.
Hunter Riley: Yes, C-O-S-S-U-M as in Mary.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha. Gotcha. Alrighty, awesome. And then what are the starting and ending locations.
Hunter Riley: I'm sorry. The starting, and okay, it is two, the starting location is 2820 Minn Street apartment 2114 Dallas, Texas. 75201.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha, and then is this on the second floor.
Hunter Riley: It is on the second floor, yes.
Landon Vaughan: Is it a one or two bed?
Hunter Riley: Two bedroom.
Landon Vaughan: Two bed, do you know the square footage of the apartment by any chance?
Hunter Riley: I don't know. No, sorry I can tell you what I have.
Landon Vaughan: That's okay. No, you're fine. No, it's no big deal. It just helps a little bit but it's like, it's not the end of the world. You can, yeah, if you have like an inventory list or whatever you need us to move, do you wanna walk me through that, that'll help a lot. We're just time based so that'll usually help know how long everything will take.
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Yeah. So, we have a kitchen table we have six chairs with that kitchen table! We have like a.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Rolling storage cart. I guess you would say we have a standing desk again. Not, not like big, it's a very small standing desk that also roles we have one office chair we have a couch.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, gotcha.
Hunter Riley: A coffee table, a side table ATV stand, two TVs.
Hunter Riley: A dresser.
Hunter Riley: King size bed and mattress.
Hunter Riley: Two side tables.
Hunter Riley: Master bedroom. Okay, the guest bedroom is just a queen size mattress.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, no frame.
Hunter Riley: And then 25 no frame would they be able to bring it downstairs to the trash?
Landon Vaughan: Yeah. Yeah, the only thing with that if you they'll do it at the end of the load up if you could just walk down there with them just so that way your complex doesn't try to like say we're just throwing our own stuff away there.
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Yeah, that's totally fine. And it's already taken apart, they don't have to take anything apart and then another dresser.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, we can definitely do that for you. No issue.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Hunter Riley: Did you get the two side tables for the guest room? Sorry.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah. I got those.
Hunter Riley: I feel like four or five tables total. Okay, a. Peleton.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Hunter Riley: I think that's it. And then boxes no nothing on our patio.
Landon Vaughan: Okay. Anything on the patio?
Landon Vaughan: Sweet. Do you have a rough estimate on how many boxes it'll be?
Hunter Riley: No, someone say like the average is 25 to 35, but I think that it's gonna be more than that.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, cool, awesome so, yeah, we'll fifty okay still not too crazy let me see it's alright though better to overestimate and under estimate. Yeah, yeah, I agree.
Hunter Riley: It might be like fifty, I don't know.
Hunter Riley: Like, I would air on more boxes than less boxes. Cause like we'll have to still pack our stuff up. But like, we are, we haven't really packed but we also have like storage bin but I know we have already packed and we got married. So we have like, things still in those boxes so it could be like fifteen to sixty. Thank you. Sorry I'm like increasing number of Boes, I have no idea though.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, I get it. Okay, cool. Well congratulations to you guys. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm you're good, you're good. No, you're fine like, I said the same thing you said it's better to be safe than sorry better to air on the side of caution.
Hunter Riley: It might be, it really might be like sixty offices, I don't know.
Landon Vaughan: Okay. Yeah, that's alright with us being time based obviously with it being like out of the typical range it'll, they'll, obviously, we'll make things go a little bit longer with the box count but it just based off of everything you're talking about it mm-hmm no, nothing at all it's just time.
Hunter Riley: You don't like to have any additional fees for that, right? Alright.
Landon Vaughan: And then the unload location, where are we going?
Hunter Riley: You're going to a house.
Hunter Riley: It's a two story house. The address is 170.
Hunter Riley: Crown point.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, circle and nerving.
Hunter Riley: Hold on. No, it's in, McKinney. Sorry. 17, I don't know what I just told you. 1707 crown point road, McKinney Texas. 75072.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha, I got it here now. Okay, cool. The only, the only additional like fees we'd have with this one to get the truck back from Kinney. There's a $75 transportation fee but aside from that, everything's just hourly.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha. Do you know the square footage of the house by any chance? We just like to have the profiles matching up?
Hunter Riley: I think it's like 3400 square feet.
Landon Vaughan: Awesome, okay, cool and then it looks like.
Hunter Riley: Again, you're not putting things in every room cause clearly we're going home, yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Landon Vaughan: Are we going to be able to park like a right in the driveway? It's not like out front just, it looks like based, based off of like street view. It looks like it'll be pretty easy accent, cool.
Hunter Riley: Yes. Yes I think yeah, I don't see why you wouldn't be able to yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Perfect. Awesome. Okay. Well, then when you spoke earlier, did you all get into, did, did you guys get into pricing, like, did they give you a quote, or anything like that. Or was it just kind of more of, just kind of discussing the details.
Hunter Riley: They didn't give me a quote. They told me it's $202 an hour for movers for two movers Sunday. Yeah, you guys do discounts for like doing it on a weekday or anything like that.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm mm-hmm what day were you looking to get this done? What day did you want to get? No, Sunday. Next Sunday. Cool. Yup, yup.
Landon Vaughan: So that, that's why I was asking so for Friday, Saturday our rates are more expensive. Sunday is actually the best value day we have. So that's what I was gonna ask I was gonna recommend shoot for Sunday. Yes, I am. Awesome. Okay well I'll kind of go, I can go over our pricing like how it all works so we have the $202 an hour for two movers so that brings it's $101 an hour for each individual mover just to kind of give you the breakdown on it everything is included like we were talking about the only additional fee is going to be that trip fee to get the truck back we had and wrap everything, disassemble reassemble whatever we need to do as far as that kind of stuff goes and then I always add our no worries damage coverage. So we set aside an additional $2,000 for each move and that's just whether we have to reimburse. Guys replace or repair anything that make it damaged we're just required by the state to have like.
Hunter Riley: Oh, amazing. Okay, perfect.
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Is that an additional cost? Okay. Uh-huh cool.
Landon Vaughan: No, no, not at all. It's just built into the rate just to give you like context on it, the state requires us to have just like general liability insurance, that's like 60¢ per pound per item that doesn't account for stuff like a Peloton, some of the nicer stuff you have. So we just kind of have that little bit of a, of protection built-in you know, ease everybody's mind as far as the move goes typically a two bedroom apartment it's gonna be anywhere from four to six hours or the two mover team, I don't think you're at the highest range of that for six hours. I do see this being something that's gonna be roughly 5:00 to five and a half hours. If it did take five and a half hours that will come out to $1,886 for the full thing and that's what the trip be built-in as well.
Hunter Riley: Alright, perfect.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Hunter Riley: Wait, I'm sorry.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm 1186 I said eight did I say 1886. I'm so sorry.
Hunter Riley: Oh, that was, yes, yes, I was like, I did the, not earlier and I did it for $6 and I got a lower number. I'm sorry.
Landon Vaughan: I'm so sorry. No, I'm sorry. That's on me. I just gave you the wrong number. No, it's 1186 that's my I said 1880.
Hunter Riley: Okay. Okay, yeah, you're good. So, yeah, that's all I have it from maybe $1,432 for $6 is what you're saying, and are you including a travel time in that or are you saying that's how much it would take to load and unload?
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm yeah, that'd be the cap.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: No, that's me having everything with the thirty minute drive incorporated as well. I can also, I can set it for, for me on my end the six hours it's 1287 I can set it for six hours. I just, as far as the unload goes I know the main bulk of time is going to be spin at the load up. Not even because you have that much stuff it's just more we have the elevator to deal with. We got to, you know, walk on the hallway, go to the truck. When we get to the house though it's gonna be pretty much straight go.
Hunter Riley: Cool.
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Also.
Hunter Riley: My other question is, okay, so, yes, our apartment complex has an elevator. It is broken. And so I, well, not, I don't know, right now if it's working or not and often times is broken. So, if it is broken the day that they move, is there an additional charge for them not having an elevator?
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Landon Vaughan: No, there's never gonna be an additional fee. Well there's never gonna be a time with us that we just like throw an additional fee you or anything like that we just charge it's just the hourly rate. The only thing with that is time. So, if the elevator was to be broken there's a chance that the move could go a little bit longer. But also with you being on the second floor you're not on like the third floor or the fourth floor would you be like floor a lot of time. If there's a stairwell close by and we don't have that long of a walk to the truck. It really doesn't affect the time, but so like it doesn't affect the time that way, yeah, ma'am.
Hunter Riley: Okay.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Hunter Riley: Yeah.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Hunter Riley: Yeah, tomorrow.
Hunter Riley: Alright, perfect. And then what I gonna ask you also, so you're the thing you're saying, how much is it coming out on your side if it's six hours.
Landon Vaughan: For six for six hours. I am seeing $1,287 total, that's what I have here and that's with the 202 time. Six plus $75.
Hunter Riley: Oh, it's living doing.
Hunter Riley: I was doing 222. Okay.
Landon Vaughan: That is our Saturday.
Hunter Riley: Oh, also it's so funny because I literally have 202 written down from her. So, I think I was.
Landon Vaughan: It's alright.
Hunter Riley: I don't know what I was doing, honestly. Okay, thank you so much. Okay, so.
Landon Vaughan: When I get, when I gave you the wrong number at first, that's when it ire you for a loop, that's all.
Hunter Riley: Yeah, that was it. Okay, and then.
Hunter Riley: Okay. Oh, that was when I was doing potentially having you all packed for me, never mind. Alright, so yeah.
Landon Vaughan: That could be it. Yeah, with us too, we're super simple. If you do want to book at any point we don't require any deposits and then we don't have any cancellation fees, so like the only fee for quote like rescheduling would be if you were to go from the Sunday to a Friday or Saturday, just because those rates are a little bit higher.
Hunter Riley: Yeah. So, I do want to book with you guys. Can we just do it over the phone right now?
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, I can confirm it now and just send you a confirmation email.
Hunter Riley: And then what is the earliest time you all could be there on Sunday?
Landon Vaughan: Our standard arrival time is 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM just we have a thirty minute buffer for traffic on the way in the morning. I could bump it up roughly only like we typically don't get it started any earlier. It's like 8:30 though.
Hunter Riley: Oh, yeah, that's fine. We can do 8:30 to nine.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, cool awesome and then as far as any payments go, we don't collect payment till the end of the move. The movers just have card reader on the back of their iPad. That's how they run the whole contract so it's just any, any like major credit cards or ApplePay you can use that as well, we just don't take cash or checks.
Hunter Riley: Perfect.
Hunter Riley: Hi, perfect. Thank you so much.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, of course and then the movers they'll give you a call at around eight on the morning of just kind of, let you know when they're heading your way. It looks like your apartment is only about like twenty minutes away from like, our home office. So whenever they give you a call they'll be there in the next, you know, 1520 minute.
Hunter Riley: Okay, and like, I'm not, sorry, I'm not trying to be rude. I had really bad experience with our last movers. What is, you all like?
Landon Vaughan: Minutes, you're fine. You're fine.
Hunter Riley: Like, are they actually going to be there between 8:30 or nine or am I gonna be waiting until like ten?
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, no we have an on time guarantee. Yeah, sorry. So we have an on time guarantee we don't ever have these issues with morning jobs. The on guarantees really in place more for our afternoon starts cause they'll have a, a smaller job in the morning. So that sometimes can affect the arrival time. But that what that is, is basically saying if we don't make it within the arrival the agreed upon arrival time. So, 8:30 to nine we start discounting to move from the start. Now the morning starts. That's never an issue. Cause the guy show up they clock, they're ready to work really more of just like a job going bad. That's gonna push us, push us to a later start.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Hunter Riley: Yeah, but if it does, then you guys have like, you're not gonna be like, oh, well there is more traffic than it, so you don't get that discount even though.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: No, no, no, no.
Landon Vaughan: No.
Landon Vaughan: No, no, no, it's in place, they agreed upon the gree start time is 8:30 to nine. So if we, make it outside of that, we're like to, we not obligated but we uphold that is the best way to put it and then, yeah, no, it, no, it doesn't have that like, I've, I'm supposed to kind of go over that stuff as well. I kinda drop the ball on it. I also just add to all of our guys, they're employed by us so we don't have any like contracted movers so they're all like vetted and have like thorough background checks and we do the, they have like a really long interview process. So we make sure we're really picky with the guys that we bring on our team as well. So that's kind of one of the ma.
Hunter Riley: Perfect.
Hunter Riley: Okay, thank you so much. Sorry I know that sounds like very good time to decide. Really.
Hunter Riley: That's okay.
Hunter Riley: Okay, great. Alright, perfect thank you so much, I appreciate that. So, I should receive an email confirmation.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, of course. Yeah, I'll send it here within you can be expecting it within like a minute of us hopping off the phone.
Hunter Riley: Alright, perfect thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, of course. Yeah, if you have any questions or concerns, anything comes up between now and the move. You can just shoot us an email or give us a call. My name is Landon again. So you can just let anybody know you spoke with me.
Hunter Riley: Alright, thank you Landon. I appreciate it.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, of course, you have a good rest of your week. Weekend hunter. I guess. Have a good start to your week actually.
Hunter Riley: You, yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Bye.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, of course. Yeah.