REP: Landon Vaughan
BRANCH: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6371700866850816
DURATION_MIN: 8.1
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 18:52 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Landon Vaughan', 'Rasmussen Jann']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Landon Vaughan: This is Landon with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
Landon Vaughan: Hello.
Rasmussen Jann: Hi, there, how are you?
Landon Vaughan: Hi, yeah, this is Landon with Einstein moving. How are you doing?
Rasmussen Jann: I'm good. I'm calling for my daughter. She's going to be moving and I just filled out the thing online and it says since the move to partial move they'll need a human and.
Landon Vaughan: Okay. Gotcha. Okay, gotcha, and was this the one looks like we're looking for the thirtieth this month for October. I'm sorry. Okay, yeah.
Rasmussen Jann: No, October, yeah, and she got some ridiculous quote from something and I'm not sure she's answering the questions, right? Because when they do square footage, she's in a two bedroom apartment now but it's only half her stuff and there's no big furniture. It's just like the mattress, the bed frame a mirror, two side tables, three bar stools and some boxes, so.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, yeah, I got you. Okay, cool. Yeah for us so it's super simple with us. We're just time based. We don't have any like, cause I totally understand that sometimes systems, the system will like relate it as just a StraightUp two bedroom apartment. We have a two and a half hour minimum, and then anything outside of it our time it's just prorated in fifteen minute increments that hourly rate for a two mover team it's $206 an hour, and then everything is included. So, we pad and wrap, we disassemble reassemble anything like that you guys need us to do. It's all built-in.
Rasmussen Jann: Oh, you'll put, you'll disassemble the bed and put it back together.
Landon Vaughan: Yes ma'am. Yeah, we do all of that.
Rasmussen Jann: You know what, that's worth $200 right there, I'm telling you I didn't, I'm the one that assembled it and I'm like, okay, if you're gonna take this apart, you need to take a picture of it first get blue tape and top right corner of top left corner like, and I basically move all the time I'm myself, I'm like, 63 so, so for, it's gonna be a two, it's $206 an hour, it's only like a thirty minute drive, 27 miles away from forward to Dallas, and.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, we get it.
Landon Vaughan: Totally, get it.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm mm-hmm yeah, I see it.
Rasmussen Jann: I'm making a note, so it's, so you're saying it's gonna be like the I, kia bags and stuff like that. Basically, if it's two people like we moved in in about two hours ourselves old, old, 61670 year old.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, you're good. I'll send all this to you as well.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, I think based.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, based off of everything you're talking to me about, I mean the main thing is the drive with it being forty, like a forty minute drive, but even then I still think you guys are gonna fall within that two and a half hour minimum with the rate, it's $206 per, per hour two and a half hours that brings it to $515 total. So that's the overall cost for the minimum and then we don't require any deposits and we don't have any like, cancellation or reschedule.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah.
Rasmussen Jann: Wow. Okay.
Landon Vaughan: And then the one thing I did want to ask you guys it, it's not like a drastic savings but if you guys did have any flexibility to go from right now I have it for a Friday. If you all were able to do a Thursday or a day during the week, it would be about $30 cheaper for the.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay I can ask her and see what she says cause.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, for sure and then I can go ahead, I'm so sorry.
Rasmussen Jann: That's okay, cause even like what we've moved stuff before because it's not that much, I mean it's like three bar stools some boxes and yeah, it's really easy, you know, but I'm afraid that the last person she put a an estimate or a quote for was, she may have not put the right information in there, you know. So, what was your name again?
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, we're good. Yeah, our system, it looks like our system I tried to I'm Landon so I'm one of our operations managers here. Yes ma'am.
Rasmussen Jann: Landon.
Landon Vaughan: And then I can send all of this.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay, cause like even if we rent a Pacific palisades or one of those Pacifica we've done that moving kids from college back and forth, you basically get everything in there, you know, you can get it but that's one of our options and I was like, well, we're going to be out of out of the country. So we can't help her and so you all would just move everything and then you cover like, she has one big floor length mirror, you all would wrap that for her. And.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm yes ma'am. Yeah, we've had and wrap everything with our moving blankets and that's also just built-in so there's no additional cost for any of that stuff. But that's part of our just standard practice is the patent rap everything.
Rasmussen Jann: Cera yeah, and her entrance. It's kinda cool. Like, we're, we would park like the U-Haul out on the back end and then walk under the garage, into the garage and then into the elevator and up that's easy on hers and the other were at the drakes, I'm not familiar what she says. Her floor is the garage floor but I'm sure they have a move-in area or something, so.
Landon Vaughan: Oh.
Landon Vaughan: Oh, nice.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah. Typically with the high-rise units they're going to have like a freight elevator and like a loading area and all that kind of stuff for us.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah, do you, can you send a quote to her or something like that and then I'll talk with her?
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I have, so I have first name so I don't know how to pronounce it. It's okay, Mayley I have may, okay, gotcha, I have oh, that's cool, that's nice. What is that, what is the origin of that last name or that name, if you don't mind me asking tiny, okay, yeah, that's nice.
Rasmussen Jann: Mainly it's like Bailey but no B. it took, mainly it means beautiful.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah, she's Chinese. Yeah, so we adopted her and her sister from China.
Landon Vaughan: Oh, that's awesome I've got so, I've got may bonds @gmail.com is a good email to send her.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, awesome! Yeah, I've got it all here then. And I can go ahead and I can just send that over to her. If you at any point if you guys do decide that you want to get on the schedule, you can give us a call back or you can just respond to this email. It's super simple and we can get it confirmed like that and send you guys a confirmation email.
Rasmussen Jann: Oh, cool, so they come out like in the morning or something and then just run it across.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, yeah, I was gonna say so typical start time for us is going to be like 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM we just have like a thirty minute arrival window for any traffic. But other than that we have an on time guarantee. So I was just saying if we don't make it within that agreed upon time, we actually start discounting to move from the start cause we just know that can be pretty inconveniencing.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah. Okay. Alright. And so as long as she gets everything boxed up and you all will disassemble that bad. I'm paying, I like, sh, I'll pay for that.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm yeah, we definitely can get the bed done for sure and then if she has anything mounted on the walls and stuff like that, we can take that stuff off, we just don't know.
Rasmussen Jann: I.
Rasmussen Jann: No, it's just, it's just like one big. Basically it's super simple. It's like one big TV and she I think she has it set, oh, maybe like a co, a table that you put a long one you put behind the couch and then one tall, like twelve foot, twelve inch by twelve inch dresser that's like, you know four foot tall or something. Basically all a lot of a kia bags.
Landon Vaughan: Okay.
Landon Vaughan: Okay, gotcha.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha, that makes sense then.
Landon Vaughan: Gotcha. That'll be, alright. We have a big open top like, speed pack goda boxes. So, for like, a lot of those bags and stuff we're able to just kind of load them and roll them down. Yes, ma'am.
Rasmussen Jann: Just snuck them in there. Alright, well then is great talking to you. I'm gonna give her a call here, and you already sent the quote on over to her.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna send it actually. I'll go ahead and send it right here right now while we're still on. But yeah, I'm getting it sent over and then yeah, like I said, if she ever if she decides she wants to go ahead and get scheduled, she can email us or just give us a call. That's whatever is gonna be easy for her.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay. So he said, if it's, if it's a weekday it's like Thir you know, Thursday instead of it, is it $30 just $30 cheaper off the whole price or $30 per hour cheaper.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm.
Landon Vaughan: It, it's $30 off the whole price till the way the rates for that day it drops from the $103 per mover to $97 an hour per mover, so it brings a overall hourly rate from $515 to 485.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay, I'll let know. I don't think she probably you. So, it was like 518.
Landon Vaughan: Yes ma'am.
Landon Vaughan: Yeah, it's usually makes a big difference on the bigger jobs. Yes, ma'am. Five Fi 515 is the set one and then 485. Yes, ma'am.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay. Alright. Hey.
Rasmussen Jann: Yeah.
Rasmussen Jann: Okay, I'll make a pin draw this number better. I really appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Landon Vaughan: Mm-hmm okay. Yeah, of course. It's a pleasure. Just reach back out if you have any questions at all we'll be here.
Rasmussen Jann: Oh, we will. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Landon Vaughan: Alright. Yeah, of course. Yes, ma'am. Bye-bye.