REP: Lukas Konrad
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4818675857661952
DURATION_MIN: 8.2
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-12 18:32 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Jeanne Walker', 'Lukas Konrad']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Lukas Konrad: Good afternoon this is Lucas with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Jeanne Walker: Oh, hi Lucas, this is Jennie Walker. I just read your message from voicemail and, and your email reply.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Yeah, give me one second let me get your profile pulled up.
Jeanne Walker: Okay.
Lukas Konrad: Oh, okay so I got it pulled up and yeah, I do remember you wanted to kind of get on the schedule for that day we have availability. I just wanna make sure that we're kind of getting you like booked onto the schedule appropriately. Like, we don't wanna like, over the situation for it looking like.
Jeanne Walker: Yeah. Because when I was looking at the quote or the estimate it was definitely overbooked but that's because again like you said you need more details so let me, let you ask questions unless you want me to just explain the situation.
Lukas Konrad: Oh, you could just explain the situation I could kind of throw my questions in when they come up.
Jeanne Walker: Okay. Alright. So it's not that I have a house full of furniture. I moved out of my apartment and and with someone who had a house. My I've got my boxes and my like my coffee table and my dresser are taking a half of the garage. I don't have an inventory at all. I can count the boxes but anyway, so it's just that taking it half the garage and then, and my bedroom I have you know my, my bed and then in a night stand, and then and I'll have my, my stuff in my closet, like my cloth and all that stuff. I'll already have that done actually. I'm just gonna leave it because I'm not moving out that same day for taking all the stuff to a storage unit.
Jeanne Walker: And, and then let's see in downstairs is okay, so my bed and the night stand are upstairs but it's just it's just those two items.
Jeanne Walker: And then downstairs I have my kitchen table with four chairs. Yeah, full chairs and and then I have my sofa, that's one of those electronic recliners, but I will, I'll try to already have, have it the back taken off cause they just kinda clip in but if I don't then, do they know how to do that?
Lukas Konrad: Yeah. It's something we see fairly frequently. So it shouldn't be like out of the ordinary to see like, you know, that so most guys I would assume have seen that situation for, unless like, you know, first week here, kind of situation.
Jeanne Walker: Yeah. Okay. So, so it's just that, I mean, I do have some boxes downstairs in that front room where my table is but, but you all aren't gonna move those, so I'll definitely have to be here to, to point out what to take and since they don't take any of their stuff, but the stuff that's in the, my boxes that are in front room, that's my, I don't know my, like, my, my pictures, my personal family pictures and things, and I'm gonna move those myself in my car. So, so that's it. I mean, it's, I really think and, and we're just taking to a storage unit, which is literally just down the street.
Jeanne Walker: So, if I have everything ready, I really think we could probably get it done within that two hours. If it goes over I would be surprised.
Lukas Konrad: Yeah it sounds very straightforward and simple. Main variable I would say is in play would be like the box count give or take, for like a, like, sounds like it's like a one bedroom equivalent kind of situation. Those we typically see like you know, fifteen to 25 boxes if it's like a higher box, yeah, maybe it'll take a little bit longer but it does sound like we're probably gonna be like middle to lower end of that spectrum. So, I do think like this is very straightforward, very simple and standard on the day I think it would fall anywhere between that two and a half hour minimum and if it does go a little bit over maybe three hours but that's kind of pushing it realistically speaking. Cause unloads into storage are typically pretty quick and honestly and like load ups the main.
Lukas Konrad: Time. Yeah, the main thing that's gonna take time would just be wrapping the items. So they're ready to go on the day of so I think two and a half to three hours is a lot more of a share estimate for the move. Two and a half hours would be our minimum charge which would be $480 for a two man crew and then the event it does go up to three hours, it'd be $576 we have that two F. our minimum. And then everything else after that gets billed in fifteen minute increments so you do only pay for the time that does get used on the day of. So ultimately if it does go over two and a half hours like $245 or $315 or something like that, that's how, what you pay for. So the estimate is not set in stone but as I mentioned I think the minimum is pretty doable in this situation. I just don't like to make promises, I can't keep.
Jeanne Walker: Yeah.
Jeanne Walker: Oh, no, I know. It's not my first move and using moving companies. So yeah, okay. And the other thing just to, to verify what I read on your estimate was that offer does include taxes and everything. So no surprise charges other than the minutes and stuff and then, and they do have the supplies like you said for wrapping or whatever.
Lukas Konrad: Correct, and I'll just be up forward with you. We do have like an option, if you'd like to leave the items petted in wrapped in storage there would be a pad deposit for like the pads that stay in there it's like $12 per pad with that being said in the event we get those pads back, you get that money back. So, if we pull you out of storage, we'll just discount that off your next move. And if someone else pulls you out of storage you can just bring the pads back to our office and you can just write you a check for that as well. I do suggest the pad deposit route because it does make the load into storage faster. And it would make the move out of storage faster as well. So, ultimately, it's a little bit of money upfront and then it's gonna be faster on both ends. So, ultimately, spend a little bit of money to save money on two different ends.
Jeanne Walker: Okay.
Jeanne Walker: Okay, alright, well, I'll keep that in mind. Alright, do you have any other questions?
Lukas Konrad: I think that's kind of all the questions that we are actually, the two pretty important questions would be for the addresses, the load address would be the 14534. Perpetual, correct? Alrighty. And the unload address, the storage unit, it's not even five minutes away. It's over at the 13800. Neocis, correct?
Jeanne Walker: Yes.
Jeanne Walker: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: And the storage unit is gonna be on the first floor and it's a ten by fifteen as well, correct?
Jeanne Walker: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: Cool. Yeah, I think that's looking A. okay, on our end if you'd like, we have morning and afternoon availability for the Monday the twenty first if you have a preference of either which way we can go either which way, we don't require any deposit to get you on the schedule and then the event we do need to like change the date around there's no any additional fees to get your date changed as well.
Jeanne Walker: Okay, I'll go ahead and do I need morning cause I work night and so it's, I just I'm just gonna stay up and wait for them to get here and have everything wind up and then that way I can knock it out and then be done it's gonna be harder if I tried to do afternoon and then it's just I just need.
Lukas Konrad: You have to, you know, fall sleep and wake back up again. Oh, oh, I actually understand that. Alrighty, yeah, I can get you on for like an 8:39 AM start time for Monday the twenty first and I get this confirmation email sent over to you in the next few minutes. Unless you have any other questions for us today?
Jeanne Walker: Nope, that's it.
Lukas Konrad: Perfect. Well, alrighty, my name again is Lucas if you have any other questions or like that, please feel free to call us back at this number or you can respond to the email that we sent over to you in the next few minutes and we can answer those questions from there.
Jeanne Walker: Okay, alright, thank you so much.
Lukas Konrad: Of course, you have a great rest of your day.
Jeanne Walker: You too. Mm-hmm bye.