REP: Lukas Konrad
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4526917655502848
DURATION_MIN: 13.1
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-12 19:16 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Lukas Konrad', 'Sunday Winters']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Lukas Konrad: Good afternoon this is Lucas with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Sunday Winters: Hi, good afternoon. My name is Sunday and I had a question so, I live in south Austin by the way I've used you guys and have you guys used you guys before and you're very wonderful what the service but.
Sunday Winters: So, I wanted to ask if it's possible on the same day I have in Fluger my mother and my uncle there's some furniture that they both have, they're less than a mile away from each other. Is it possible to use the movers to grab like a set of couches and then like a bedroom set one from my uncle, the other, from my mother and then move all that down to south Austin to an apartment.
Lukas Konrad: Yeah, that wouldn't be a problem. I mean, there would be a travel charge due to like, the drive in, in between, I think from south Austin to flu at $75, if we use our north Austin location depending on how south you are whether or not it would be a travel charge on there. But if we're using our north Austin location, Fluger hills probably within that and then, there might be a similar like $75 travel charge to get down to south Austin as well.
Sunday Winters: I see my, when I called the north Austin location then because well, so I was for south Lamar and Ben white.
Lukas Konrad: Okay, I think that might.
Sunday Winters: I think it's, well. Hold on. I don't think you can, can you hear me okay?
Lukas Konrad: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I can hear you fine.
Sunday Winters: Alright. So if we live up in south Omaro north Austin charge us.
Lukas Konrad: I think that might just be within or just outside of the free service zone it's hard to say without the exact address if I get the exact address, I kinda like book it in our build up your profile and get an idea from there. But it might be either which way can I get your first and last name. I can get that profile built up and I get some of these numbers a little bit more dialed in.
Sunday Winters: Thank you. Bye. Mm-hmm.
Sunday Winters: Sure, my first name is Sunday. My last name is Winters and you might see me in your system.
Lukas Konrad: One second is what's gonna be a good email address for send over all the information we talked about today over to.
Sunday Winters: Email it's my last name.first name, hold on. So winters.Sunday @gmail.com.
Lukas Konrad: Correct.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. And what's the address for the pickup locations of the, and what items exactly would we be taken?
Sunday Winters: Mm-hmm so the two addresses there in slug one will be 17004. Sims brook. It's S-I-M-S-E-R-O-O-K drive.
Sunday Winters: Blue Texas, 78660 it's my goal with the couches.
Sunday Winters: And let me know when you're ready for the second address.
Lukas Konrad: I am ready for that second address.
Sunday Winters: Mm-hmm 17307 Manish M. as in mother, A. as in apple, N. as in Nancy, I-S-H drive, bluegill Texas. 78660.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, and for each location what are the items that we're grabbing from each one?
Sunday Winters: For my uncle. So it's the set of couches it's, it comes in three sections, and they're reclining couches so they will need to be taken apart.
Sunday Winters: Cause they have electronics in them, they're full weather. I don't know if that matters.
Lukas Konrad: Not inherently, but not a bad note to put down.
Sunday Winters: Mm-hmm.
Lukas Konrad: Okay, so program the three piece leather sectional electronic recliner from the Sims brook address. When it comes down to the manage address. What are we grabbing from there?
Sunday Winters: Mm-hmm.
Sunday Winters: From Manish it will be, so, yeah, a mattress box, spring bed frame two night stands a dresser with the mirror and a wardrobe smaller wardrobe not the, not the huge wardrobe, but like one with two drawers and a small shelf.
Lukas Konrad: And we grabbing anything else from either of these addresses.
Sunday Winters: No.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, and what's the address that we'll be bringing them over to?
Sunday Winters: 3816 South Lamar Boulevard.
Sunday Winters: What's her 22162316 is the apartment story? It's the first story and the name of the complex is the retreat at Barton creek.
Lukas Konrad: And this is gonna be a 12 or three bedroom apartment.
Sunday Winters: It's a one bedroom.
Lukas Konrad: Bedroom, alrighty.
Lukas Konrad: Okay pretty straightforward, pretty standard kind of situation that we're looking like here. I rent through our north Austin location and running through our north Austin location. There's no travel charges on anything so we got to plus there ultimately it's all falls within that free services own kind of area. So, we're looking pretty A. okay in that sense and when it comes down to the idea of what would look like on the move day I'd recommend having, I mean we would send out a two mover crew to take care of that. We do have an hourly rate of $105 actually, it depends on the day. What day were you looking to move on?
Sunday Winters: Yeah.
Sunday Winters: What day is the cheapest day?
Lukas Konrad: Honestly, I think it's gonna be like a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday would be our cheapest days or Fridays. Saturdays and Sundays are a little bit more.
Sunday Winters: For you Tuesday, the Thursday I think we can make it work on a Tuesday, Thursday.
Lukas Konrad: And would this upcoming Tuesday or Thursday the fifteenth or seventeenth work for you?
Sunday Winters: Maybe a little bit later like after the twenty fourth it can even be in the first week of October.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha, okay, so, we're talking about first week of October. We mean, like October 1st cause that falls in the Thursday. Are, you're talking more so like, October sixth or eighth.
Sunday Winters: Maybe I could the first.
Sunday Winters: And you RECOM two movers.
Lukas Konrad: Alright, so with.
Lukas Konrad: Yeah, we would have a two mover crew the hourly rate per mover is on the October 1st would be $104 per mover per hour, this includes everything we need for the move. So, the trucks taxes insurances the pads, the bands, the wrap to protect everything as well as any tools for any disassemble and reassembly. So, anything we do take apart, we do put back together for you as well, like the beds and whatnot. I mentioned before no travel charges coming out, we do have a two and a half hour minimum we charge and then everything else after that, two and a half hours gets billed in fifteen minute increments, so, you do only pay for the time that gets used on the day of so, in the event that we go over two and a half hours you'll just pay if it's like. Two hours and 45 minutes, you'll just pay for that.
Sunday Winters: Perfect.
Sunday Winters: Thank.
Sunday Winters: Yup.
Sunday Winters: Okay, yeah.
Sunday Winters: Okay, okay, perfect.
Lukas Konrad: But ultimately I think with a two mover crew I think two and a half hours is pretty doable. I think like the first location just to get the couch disassembled wrapped up might be thirty minutes drive over to the next place. It might take like an hour to get all that loaded up and you know, pad and protected loaded up onto the truck. It's a thirty minute drive give or take from Fluger down to the apartment that kind of puts us around that two, like an hour, half, two hour mark. And then about like an hour or so to unload. So, I would say two and a half to three hours would be a pretty fair estimate looking like on the day of.
Sunday Winters: Yeah.
Sunday Winters: Yeah, this is a 37 what no, like prices. Let me.
Sunday Winters: Yeah, yeah, I feel like the earlier we start maybe the better for traffic.
Lukas Konrad: For sure. Yeah, we have morning and afternoon availability. Our morning start times. We typically aim for like that. What 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM start time. Does that sound alright with you?
Sunday Winters: Where we would need them at the 17004 locations.
Lukas Konrad: Correct, yes, that's the way I have you built out to start at the Sims brook. Go to the Manish and then go to south Lamore.
Sunday Winters: 8:30.
Sunday Winters: A few day 8:30 or nine 8:30 999.
Lukas Konrad: Sure. Yeah. We can aim for that won't be an issue. And if in the event that we have like that two and a half to three hour range two and a half hours would be $520 and if it even goes to three hours the estimated total will be $624 on the day just to give you a heads-up on that.
Sunday Winters: Oh, I'm sorry.
Sunday Winters: Oh, okay.
Sunday Winters: 624 uh-oh oh, and that, like, do we have a deposit we need to put down?
Lukas Konrad: 520 to 624 it would be my estimate, estimated range.
Lukas Konrad: Negative, there's no deposit required to get onto the schedule and there's also no fee if you do need to change the date around we don't require any fees for that as well.
Sunday Winters: 624 will be the maximum. Okay. Can we okay, that sounds good. Can we book it?
Lukas Konrad: Yeah, I can get you on the schedule for that 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM start time for Thursday October 1st and I get you a confirmation email sent over in just a few minutes unless you have any other questions for us today.
Sunday Winters: So that's gonna be at the Gmail that you'll send it to. Okay? No, I don't have any other questions.
Lukas Konrad: Correct.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. Well my name again is Lucas and I can get you this confirmation email sent over in just a few minutes and if you have any other questions changes or updates with your move just feel free to reach out to us through the email or give us a call back at this number or the north Austin number it's would, it'll be at the north Austin number will be attached to the email as well if you want to call that one but ultimately like all managers kind of have access to all branch numbers. So if you call south Austin north Austin guy would be able to get transferred over to you that wouldn't be an issue whatsoever. But yeah, I think we're looking pretty good to go.
Sunday Winters: Uh-huh and you were.
Sunday Winters: Oh, so sorry. So we did look into it doesn't matter if we use the south Lo Austin or north Austin location for price.
Lukas Konrad: Correct, yeah, it's there's no travel charge either which way, so.
Sunday Winters: Nice. Oh my gosh, I love you guys. You're the best movers.
Lukas Konrad: I appreciate that but alrighty, yeah, I should be able to get this emailed over to you Les, you have any other questions for me?
Sunday Winters: No.
Lukas Konrad: Perfect, alrighty. Well, my name again is Lucas, and please feel free to reach out to us if you have any other questions.
Sunday Winters: Sounds good. This up, alright. Oh, what you need? They mentioned the Max so $624 but if it's $104 an hour and maybe less, okay. Yeah, the Max is like they charge us like a Max number if they reach over three hours, you said.
Lukas Konrad: Alright.
Lukas Konrad: I said, an estimated between the two and a half to three and a half hours is what I think it would take on the day of. So ultimately, I don't this job taken over three hours. I think the minimum is quite doable but I don't like to make promises I can't keep. So I would just kind of play a little bit. The safe side but I think 520 is very, very doable on the day.
Sunday Winters: Yeah.
Sunday Winters: Perfect. Okay and that'll all be in the estimate that you send in Gmail.
Lukas Konrad: Correct.
Sunday Winters: Perfect. Thank you Lucas.
Lukas Konrad: Of course, you all have a great rest of your day.
Sunday Winters: Enjoy your Saturday. Thank you so very much. Mm-hmm. Bye.
Lukas Konrad: Bye.