REP: Nicole Cruz
BRANCH: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5671202354405376
DURATION_MIN: 8.3
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 16:45 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Hunter Riley', 'Nicole Cruz']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Nicole Cruz: I.
Nicole Cruz: Hi, this is Nicole from Einstein Levin, may I have your name?
Hunter Riley: Hi, my name is hunter Riley. I was calling because I was looking for a quote for moving from like, downtown Dallas area to McKinney. I can give you my address.
Nicole Cruz: Thank you, mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm I see. I can definitely help you with that. I just need to get the details if you're moved so I can give you an estimate and code. This call will just take around ten to fifteen minutes. Will that be fine?
Hunter Riley: It'll take ten to fifteen minutes. Sure. Let's try and make a little bit faster than lot. Okay, so my, my address that we would be moving from is 2820. McKinnon Street, Dallas, Texas. 75201.
Nicole Cruz: Yes, that's right.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, I'll make it good and may I mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: Thank you, just a moment.
Hunter Riley: And then we're moving, it's a two bedroom apartment.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Hunter Riley: And we're moving to 1707 crown point road McKinney Texas. 75072.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, thank you so much and are you also moving to an apartment?
Hunter Riley: No, it'll be moving to a house.
Nicole Cruz: To a house and how many story do you have?
Hunter Riley: It'll be a two, it's a two story house.
Nicole Cruz: The story house. And for your apartment, mm-hmm.
Hunter Riley: And then I'm on the second, it's the first floor, but it's there's one flight of stairs up, so I guess, second floor, yeah.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. Second floor, will there be an elevator access or just stairs?
Hunter Riley: There should be an elevator access. However, our apartment elevator is broken often. So, I would like a quote for how much it'll cost without an elevator and with an elevator.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: I see, okay. And are we going to move anything heavy like, workout equipment safe or any items that for like more than £400?
Hunter Riley: I don't think anything was more than £400 there's a Peloton, but that's not £400.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. Awesome. How about any appliances, like, Washer/Dryer fridge TV? Okay, anything available or expensive, like, artworks, and take pieces or collections?
Hunter Riley: Oh, no. We have no appliances.
Hunter Riley: No.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. And for a typical two bedroom apartment we usually expect to see around 25 to 35 boxes to move. Do you think you'll follow within that range?
Hunter Riley: Sure, about that.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, and all of your furniture and appliances, we will, I mean, all of your furniture will be wrapped, our moving blankets and shrink wrap. Do you also need our help packing your small items into boxes?
Hunter Riley: So I want a quote for just the move and then I would like a quote for if you guys were to pack as well.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, so let me just a sec second we actually have different rates uh-huh.
Hunter Riley: And then.
Hunter Riley: No-go on.
Nicole Cruz: Sorry, we actually have different rates, depending on the day of the move. What is your preferred move date?
Hunter Riley: Sunday the twentieth.
Nicole Cruz: Sunday, the twentieth. Okay, what were you about to say? Sorry to cut you off.
Hunter Riley: No, you're fine.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, so let me go ahead and explain how our pricing works. We charge $202 per hour for two movers and one truck. We pre $202,202.
Hunter Riley: Is that one more time? How much?
Hunter Riley: An hour.
Nicole Cruz: Yes. For two movers and one truck. And that includes everything, like the fuel and truck taxes, insurance, all wrap pads and bans to protect your items when being moved and all the tools. For this assembly and reassembly of your furniture. There's only one thing outside of the hourly rate, which is a one time travel fee of $75 because your new house is outside of our free service zone and.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh.
Nicole Cruz: If you will be adding packing service we charge the same hourly rate for packing service $202 per hour and we will bring all the materials necessary to pack your items. And we will charge you only for the materials. We use usually packing an entire two bedroom apartment it takes around five to six hours with approximately $220 worth of packing materials. But if you would be asking partial packing only then it's definitely lesser than that. And.
Hunter Riley: And about how an hours does it take for them to like load and unload?
Nicole Cruz: Usually for a typical two bedroom apartment it takes around four and a half to six hours with two movers and one truck. In your case since you're moving from second floor apartment 22 story home with forty minutes drive time between location. I will estimate this to take five to six hours, but this is just an estimate, keep in mind, we are a time based company and we will be charging you for the total time consumed by the end of the move and for five to six hours estimate including the travel fee. It's good to budget around $1,085 to $1,287.
Hunter Riley: Alright.
Hunter Riley: Uh-huh thank you so much, I appreciate it. I'll reach out if we decide to go with you guys. Oh, also what's your insurance coverage?
Nicole Cruz: Okay, awesome.
Nicole Cruz: We provide up to $2,000 to repair replace or reimburse for any accidental damages.
Hunter Riley: Okay, and what is the process for that? Like, are you charging by the pound? What is, we've just had people scratch things and mess things up. So.
Nicole Cruz: We are not by the pound. We are by how much worth the item is so we can repair or replace it.
Hunter Riley: What do you mean by repair? When you say repair like you if there's a scratch on the death bedside table you guys would come in and try and paint that like repair that? I don't understand.
Nicole Cruz: Yes, like we will cover the cost to repair that and if example we damage your TV and it stopped working, we can replace your TV even if you like purchase it. For example you purchase it for just $1,000 and it worked $2,000 now. Then we'll still replace it. How whatever cost it is now.
Hunter Riley: I mean, what about the repair piece of it? What do you guys typically try and repair?
Nicole Cruz: For repair. Sorry I think I can ask our claims department about that. They are the one who handles damages concerns.
Hunter Riley: That's fine honestly, you guys are way more sense of other people I've talked to so we probably won't go with you but this was good information. Thank you.
Nicole Cruz: You're welcome. Thank you as well for considering.
Hunter Riley: Take that.