REP: Nicole Cruz
BRANCH: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5816250849075200
DURATION_MIN: 9.5
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 17:05 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Easton Scott', 'Nicole Cruz']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Nicole Cruz: I.
Nicole Cruz: Hi, this is Nicole from Einstein. May I have your name?
Easton Scott: Hi, Nicole, my name is eastern Scott. E-A-S-T-O-N-S-C-O-T-T.
Nicole Cruz: And awesome, thank you ison how are you and how may I help?
Easton Scott: I'm doing well, thanks. I just got an instant quote online for a move and I thought the quote was really high so I wanted to see if I can get something more accurate.
Nicole Cruz: Oh, okay. Let me pull up your profile here just a moment.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, I found it. You're moving on Tuesday, September 29th, is that right?
Easton Scott: Yeah, yes ma'am.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. Okay, so the estimate you got online, it just based on the size of your apartment. But don't worries since you have me on the line I'll be giving you an accurate estimate, I just need about ten to fifteen minutes will that be fine?
Easton Scott: Sure.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, let's talk about your move first. What are your biggest concerns and what are the most important things you want answers to on this call today?
Easton Scott: Great. So I.
Easton Scott: Lost happened on the spot there, I don't know.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm no worries.
Easton Scott: It should only take like three hours to complete the entire move. The properties are about fifteen minutes apart, drive time and, and pretty much everything is already pre packed and staged in the garage. They, the movers it only need to go upstairs to pick up like a mattress and like one mattress and two couches and like one cabinet.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: I see. Okay, thank you so much and approximately how many boxes are we moving like twenty to thirty or more.
Easton Scott: Less than twenty boxes. I'm probably gonna do a lot of a small stuff myself, I just need help with the big items really. So the move should really only take the minimum amount of time to get everything done.
Nicole Cruz: I see, okay, good to hear that. Are we going to move any appliances like, TV Washer/Dryer or fridge?
Easton Scott: Oh yeah, thanks for asking. I do have a washer and dryer and a fridge, they're already in the garage downstairs.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, awesome. How about anything heavy like worked out equipment, safe piano or any item that's like more than £400.
Easton Scott: No.
Easton Scott: No ma'am.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. Anything available or expensive like artworks and take pieces or collections?
Easton Scott: No ma'am, none of that stuff nothing special.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, awesome. Your washer and dryer, are they front load or top load?
Easton Scott: The, well, the washers a top load, the dryers a front load, like just a standard set.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. Awesome. The reason I ask is because of front loads are fragile during moving process, they usually requires to have a shipping bolts. Do you still have the shipping bolts for the dryer, the four big screws?
Easton Scott: No, no. I didn't even know that thing.
Nicole Cruz: I see. Oh, okay. Maybe it's still at the back of it, the back of the dryer but if not, we can still move it but we will be needing you to sign a liability waiver. Will that be fine?
Easton Scott: Yeah, I'm not really sure where you're even talking about, but that's fine. Like, it's just a dryer, it'll give me, it'll be fun. It's a strange question.
Nicole Cruz: I see.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. When you look at the back of your dryer, there will be 44 big screws like on the upper left bottom and maybe it's still right there, but if not, that's fine, we can still move it but.
Easton Scott: Mm-hmm.
Easton Scott: Yeah, okay.
Easton Scott: I, okay, yeah, I don't know why that would even matter.
Nicole Cruz: Yeah, usually it's important to make sure that the internal components of your dryer are intact during the moving process. If you're worried about your dryer you can definitely purchase a shipping bolt somewhere.
Easton Scott: Right.
Easton Scott: I'm not worried about it at all is your concern, yeah.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. And I'm, I've been listing the items you've mentioned like the mattress, two couches, one cabinet, fridge, Washer/Dryer approximately twenty boxes. Is there any other furniture we're moving that I haven't mentioned like dining table or TV stand? Okay, this is it awesome. And I can see you're moving on to a, from a two bedroom apartment located in 3900 grave vine mills parkway, grapevine, Texas and your apartment is on the second floor. Do you have like a two story apartment with a garage at the bottom?
Easton Scott: No, no.
Easton Scott: Yes.
Easton Scott: Yes.
Easton Scott: Yes, that's exactly what it is, it an attached private garage with the staircase going up to the unit?
Nicole Cruz: I see, awesome. And can we park right in front of your apartment?
Easton Scott: Yes.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great and I can see you're moving to a one bedroom apartment located in 1521 meridian drive, Irving Texas. 75038 is it also like a two story apartment with the garage? A.
Easton Scott: The same, yes, ma'am. It's the same thing. So it's in a test garage for the staircase going up to the unit.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great! Can we also park right in front of your apartment?
Easton Scott: Yes, yeah, you can.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. Is there any additional stock or additional location for pickup to drop-off?
Easton Scott: No, all that permission should be in the like, I should have already, it should be my profile already and all that stuff.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, and.
Easton Scott: Cause I just filled out that form and answer these questions previously.
Nicole Cruz: Oh.
Nicole Cruz: Oh sorry. Looks like it didn't show up on my end. Do apologize for that. But yeah, it looks like I got all of the information I needed to provide you an estimate and let me explain how our pricing works. We charge $204 per hour for two movers and one truck. And everything is included in that hourly rate like the fuel and truck taxes insurance. All wrap pads and bans to protect your items when being moved, and all the tools for this assembly and rate assembly of your furniture and appliances. There are no hidden fees of any type, no credit card fees, no transportation fees, no sterle fees, no disassemble or reassembly. Fees. Again, no hidden fees of any tile. In addition to that, we have extra perks that our customers really love. First we have no worries, damage coverage, we provide up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse for any accidental damages.
Easton Scott: Oh, okay.
Easton Scott: Okay.
Easton Scott: Okay.
Easton Scott: Eight, what?
Nicole Cruz: Second, we have a meter mover feature a few days before the move, you will be receiving an email introducing the movers to you. You will have an option to see their photos and basic info just helping is detention of strangers arriving at your front door and finally we have on time guarantee if we cannot make it in the time window that we arrange we immediately start discounting money of your final bill and the way the clock work is the time start as soon as we get on site and open the contract you have us for as long as you need us for any move. We have a minimum of two and a half hours once we go over the minimum, the time is prorated in fifteen minute increments. Now based on the items you had mentioned.
Nicole Cruz: Moving from a two story apartment to a two story apartment I will estimate this move to take around three and a half to four and a half hours with two movers and one truck. And keep in mind this is just an estimate we are a time based company so we will still be charging you for the total time consumed by the end of the move and for three and a half to four and a half hours it's good to budget around $714.2918. Does that make sense so far?
Easton Scott: Yeah, I'm not interested. That's too, that's too much. It shouldn't take that long. I'm not interested in that quote.
Nicole Cruz: I see, actually, just with the items eleven, I estimate it three hours but since there is a stairs involved on both apartment. I added time for the staircase access. That's why I got three and a half to four and a half hours.
Easton Scott: Yeah, that doesn't really add. Okay, it shouldn't take any more time really like, everything's like super close. It's okay, I'll just figure it out. I might just move myself that's too much money, I appreciate it. I'm gonna go ahead and move forward. Thank you.
Nicole Cruz: I see. Thank you so for your time. Bye for now.
Easton Scott: Alright, bye-bye.