REP: Rance Pope
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 6525940910301184
DURATION_MIN: 13.4
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 19:05 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Fawaz Aljeshi', 'Rance Pope']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Rance Pope: Hello, this is an with Heins moving. How can I help you?
Fawaz Aljeshi: Hi! I was trying to get a quote online but it wasn't letting me so I just wanted to call see if I can get it like your phone.
Rance Pope: Let me see you said you tried to get one online.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yes, and whenever I click it says see active is not a function or whatever. I don't know what that means.
Rance Pope: Oh, weird. Okay, what's your first name?
Fawaz Aljeshi: But, yeah, it's four FA, W. A. Z.
Rance Pope: And what's your last name?
Fawaz Aljeshi: Alesi, A-L-J-E-S-H-I.
Rance Pope: You said A-L-J-E-S-H-I.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yes, that's correct.
Rance Pope: Cool, and is this 8-237-069-8783 the best contact number for you?
Fawaz Aljeshi: 823-706-9873, yes.
Rance Pope: Cool on once we get off the call I can send you over your estimate that we get work out for you. What's a good email address? We can send that over to you at.
Fawaz Aljeshi: It's sal.alkeshi @gmail.com.
Rance Pope: And do you know what day you're looking to move?
Fawaz Aljeshi: Probably in maybe three weeks.
Rance Pope: Like are you looking weekend, weekday?
Fawaz Aljeshi: Or so, let's say.
Fawaz Aljeshi: I would say I could do, is it cheaper to do a weekday versus weekend?
Rance Pope: Yeah, like Tuesdays through Thursdays are going to be our best value pricing.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay, I can do a weekday then so it we can do so in three weeks would be.
Fawaz Aljeshi: How about, how about, actually, can we do maybe like the 13th of October. Yeah.
Rance Pope: October 6th.
Rance Pope: Cool, yeah work on that. Yeah.
Rance Pope: Purposes to kind of get you some pricing work up and if anything changes we can always make those adjustments, it's pretty easy to do. What's the address you're looking to move out of?
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Fawaz Aljeshi: I'm looking at to, I'm looking to move from 2001 Ed Blue Stein Boulevard in Austin.
Rance Pope: And is that a house or an apartment?
Fawaz Aljeshi: It's an apartment.
Rance Pope: What's the unit number there?
Fawaz Aljeshi: 2105.
Rance Pope: How many bedrooms?
Fawaz Aljeshi: One bedroom.
Rance Pope: Do you know the square footage like 7800 square feet somewhere in there?
Fawaz Aljeshi: It, it's, 825.
Rance Pope: Five cool.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, it's on the first floor and it's close to the, you can park right in from the department.
Rance Pope: Off.
Rance Pope: Cool. We love that.
Rance Pope: As far as like a single bedroom apartment we normally see around like fifteen to 25 pre pack boxes. You think you'll fall somewhere in that range. Do you have any like, wild collections that might put you over like a huge final collection book collection, anything like that?
Fawaz Aljeshi: No.
Rance Pope: Cool. What is the address that you're looking to move to?
Fawaz Aljeshi: I'm looking to so okay for this I don't have a specific address yet I'm still cause I'm looking to move out San antonio but I don't have a place yet but I can give you an address. Just that I, it could be like an estimate.
Rance Pope: No.
Rance Pope: Okay, no worries at least get us a ballpark. Yeah.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yes, so you can put in 111 Pro. Bandi D-A-N-D-T.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Street.
Rance Pope: Cool.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, Santa.
Rance Pope: Is this gonna be an apartment you're looking to move-in there or house or do you know yet?
Fawaz Aljeshi: It's gonna be apart an an apartment, a one bedroom apartment.
Rance Pope: Okay on.
Rance Pope: I don't know what floor or anything it's on yet so it could change a little bit based on some of those changes just so you know. But can at least kind of get you a rough ballpark of what we're looking at here.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Mm-hmm.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, you can put in whatever that you think would give me the best estimate, like a, yeah.
Rance Pope: As far as the stuff that we're moving, do you have any like thing larger unusual like an upright piano, a gun safe workout equipment. A large treadmill, anything crazy like that.
Fawaz Aljeshi: No, it's just normal stuff like a TV couch.
Rance Pope: Okay.
Rance Pope: Cool, yeah we assume like a one bedroom apartment. It's probably gonna have a bad couple of nights, stands, maybe a dresser to couch, coffee table maybe an area rug TV, standing TV, couple of bar, stools, or a kitchen table, that kind of thing.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, yeah.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, nothing too crazy.
Rance Pope: Cool, do you have like any kind of, like, separate, like storage there on the site like a garage or an outdoor or not an outdoor, but like a separate storage unit or anything or is it all going to be in that apartment itself?
Fawaz Aljeshi: I do have a storage that's, it's in the balcony connected to the department. Yeah, it has yeah, it has maybe like four bins that.
Rance Pope: Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Rance Pope: Okay, no worries. Cool it couple of like patio chairs and a table, any kind of patio furniture. Okay, on cool, pretty straightforward then as far as.
Fawaz Aljeshi: No, no, nothing on the.
Rance Pope: Do you have any specific concerns or stresser about the move process in general? And just kind of looking for pricing right now.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah, I'm trying to just see how much it would be just so I can just have a moving pricing just.
Rance Pope: Yeah.
Fawaz Aljeshi: You know, just to get an idea of how much I'd have to pay.
Rance Pope: Cool.
Rance Pope: Yeah, I gotcha our pricing super simple it's an hourly rate. You'd be looking at $104 per mover per hour. We would send out two movers for your particular move. So you'd be looking at $208 an hour. That's gonna include everything in the hourly rate, the fuel, the truck taxes insurance, all the pads for apps bands, everything they're gonna use protect your furniture while it's being moved. The movers will also come out with a toolbox. So they'll be able to handle any disassemble and reassembly with their furniture in most cases, for a one bedroom apartment that's pretty much just the bed. There's no credit card fees, no stairwell fees, no disassemble fees, free assembly fees, anything like that. There's no hidden fees. The only thing outside of our hourly pricing is to get the empty truck back from San antonio. There is a trip fee of a $265 other than that everything's going to be included in that hourly pricing. We also include in that hourly pricing or free evaluation coverage of up to $2,000 per move to repair replace or reimburse for any kind of nom damages. That's not only gonna cover the furniture that we're moving, but also the residence as well. So if there's any stuff on the walls floors anything like that, we'll take care of that for you as well.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Thank you.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Rance Pope: All of our movers, their hourly employees. Well, vetted, well train guys some of the best movers in the industry. We don't use any like daily contracted labors or anything like that. So we always know the quality of the mover we're gonna send out to you ahead of time. In fact, a couple of days before your move we'll send you an email that introduce you to the guys are going to be taking care of it, so you don't just have random Trager showing up at the front door and we also have a non time guarantee. If for some reason we're not gonna get out to the time window we arrange with you we're gonna start immediately discounting money of your final bill. So there's no sent around a move. They wonder where your movers are if the move is gonna happen when it's gonna, gonna happen anything like that. We're gonna make sure and get it out there for you.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Mm-hmm.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Rance Pope: As far as the clock, and the way it works on your job, the time starts when the movers get on site or show them everything that they're going to be moving from you, out of the apartment from there, you'll have them as long as it takes to complete your move. We do have a two and a half hour minimum once we go over that minimum, the time is going to be prorated in fifteen minute increments, in your case the drive time to San antonio is going to be included in the hourly rate. So, that's a part of the estimate. And I'm gonna give you, but once they're fully unloaded they stop your o'clock and you're not charged anything after that except for that travel fee. Getting the empty truck. Like I say back to Austin does that all make sense so far.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Mm-hmm.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah.
Rance Pope: Cool. Typically a one bedroom apartment is gonna take two movers about two and a half to three and a half hours to complete yours. I'm gonna put it right at three hours, probably right there in the middle and then we do have, it's probably closer to a two hour drive to San antonio on our trucks. They don't get quite as fast as the passenger vehicle. So I would say five hours is a a reasonable estimate for your move. The five hours at that hourly rate with the trip fee you'd be looking at $1,305, of course, there's gonna be a number of factors that kind of come into play as far as how long the move takes one of the biggest ones you can control.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Rance Pope: Is how well prepared you are. We're going to be most efficient moving like furniture and boxed items. We kind of lose a efficiency on miscellaneous items. So, like lamps, hang those, hang photos, like any of that kind of stuff that it's just gonna require a more prep work and smaller trips to and from the truck. So, the better you consolidating everything in the boxes force wicker more efficient can be on your move and more money we can save you.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Uh-huh.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay.
Rance Pope: But yeah, as far as the pricing and everything that's the way it goes. If you'd like I can go ahead and get you on the schedule for that date, or I can send over this estimate to you if you're not ready to book yet and once you're ready you just reply back to that email or give us a callback and we can get you added to the schedule.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay, yeah, if you can just send me the estimate for now until I get like my address I'll, I'm just gonna wait to officially do it but I think the pricing is good like this is kind of around where I was looking for, so.
Rance Pope: Yes sir. Sounds good. Right on I'll go ahead and shoot you over this estimate and once you have those details and you're ready to follow up, just you can give us a call back or reply to the email whichever wants more convenient for you and we can get you all taken care of.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Alright, sounds great. Thank you. Well actually I have one more question. So, you said you guys don't break that, like, do you put things in the boxes or just take the boxes? I like, I breakdown things.
Rance Pope: Yes sir.
Rance Pope: We can do packing services for you. If you wanted us to pack that would kind of be that would, you know, definitely add time on to the move. That's all part of the hourly rate as well. We bring out packing supplies and everything we can handle packing for you if that's a service you'd like to look into. We can also, if you don't need help like packing everything and you want help just like back in the kitchen or something like that, we can do like certain rooms or whatever for you as well. So, we do offer that service, like I say it's at the hourly rate. We'll bring out all the packing supplies that we need and we only charge you for what we actually use on the job.
Rance Pope: Kind of give you a rough idea. Generally, I, one bedroom apartment is gonna take about as long to pack is it does to actually perform the move service. So, I'd say probably about three hours for packing, and then, we typically see about $189 and packing materials for a one bedroom apartment. Again, that's just kind of based on averages yours might come in more or less. I would assume if you're, if you're a single mail living alone, you'd probably be on the lesser side of that but that's kind of how the packing prices work.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Mm-hmm.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Uh-huh.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Uh-huh.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Yeah.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Uh-huh.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Okay. Got it. Then it probably will just be moving. I think I might breakdown things before so it might make it easier but yeah, so whenever you can, if you can send me the estimate I think that could be a good start for now.
Rance Pope: Yes, sir. Sounds good. I will get this right over to you.
Fawaz Aljeshi: Alright, thank you so much.
Rance Pope: Yes, sir. Thank you. Bye.