REP: Rance Pope
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5470080645767168
DURATION_MIN: 13.3
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 20:53 CT
SPEAKERS: ['JD Moore', 'Rance Pope']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Rance Pope: Yeah, this is ran with Einstein. Moving, moved to today. I got a message from one of my customer service.
Rance Pope: Arns about your move today. So, I was just calling to follow up with you and see what we can do for you. I do wanna just kind of a note that my branch manager is out today. I'm one of the management team, the guy who can actually handle like refunds and stuff with you. We'll be back in tomorrow, so, I kinda just wanted to go over some of your concerns and take some notes on it. So I can pass along to him and have him prepared to be able to follow up with you. Kind of give you a, an explanation I want to get.
JD Moore: But, yeah, no problem. First of all, I appreciate you calling back so quickly and like, I will try to remove as much motion as possible from this because, you know, moving as emotional it's painful. It's, it never goes as it's supposed to go but this is the worst moving experience I've had in 25 or thirty years, like, the.
JD Moore: Everything from first of all the foreman crew, they were nice friendly. We're not lode at all but the actual operation of the moving was horrible. So first of all and foremost they broke a very expensive table, they damage the expensive table, it was a two piece table and instead of taking the top off and taking it out, they tried to manually pull it out of the door and like shove it through the door and it's scraped the entire table on, on all side of the table and, and actually chip some of the wood, and so I noticed it and I asked the guy I said what happened here, he was like, oh.
JD Moore: We tried to pull it out of the door and realize we couldn't pull it out and then we took the took the top off and I'm like, you damage the entire table and, and it's coming, was, oh, it's fine. You can just, you can just file a claim, it'll be fine. Well, but between that time and, and the time we closed out the account I called my designer. She's like, that's a $3,500 table, right? So, so, so that wraps up how this experience was also I had urn a patio furniture in the apartment and I told who I thought was the lead, I said, hey, don't forget the patio furniture. He's like, okay, I got it, we get all the way to the new apartment and my partner state at the old department. She was like, hey, they forgot all of the patio furniture. So I had a foreman team.
Rance Pope: Mm-hmm.
JD Moore: They bus down one truck and then they sent the other two back and I had to go back to the apartment, but then we had to get the freight elev elevator again we had to go back into my apartment and they had to get the, all of the patio furniture reload it and then take it back to the new place and then we get to the end of the bill. I'm like, hey, you realize this is taking way longer than it would have because we all had to go back and get the furniture that you guys left. I would have had a foreman team that would have bust this, TruckDown.
Rance Pope: Reset reset.
JD Moore: Right, and, and so he was like, well, I can't do anything about that you have to call, I mean it just, I've never been around such lazy movers in my life, and again they were friendly cordial, they weren't Naing anyway but they just, I mean I had to, had to make three trips on my own and stuff that the comment was well it won't travel well well you might want to take as well. Do you want us to take this or do you want to take it and they just my first experience with time was great which is why I did it again. That first crew, no problem, this crew.
Rance Pope: Yes sir.
JD Moore: I have never, in my life not tipped the movers like, they showed up. We had pastries form for breakfast. I always tip my movers. I didn't tip them a thing because they, I would never advocate someone losing their job ever but I would not want these guys representing my company again. The first move fantastic which is why it came back this move. I'm questioning if I ever use your company again in that. Okay maybe that a little that is a motion because I'm just so upset about how this whole day went but, but that's what happened. They damage furniture, they overcharge me and they didn't seem to care.
Rance Pope: Yes sir, I am.
Rance Pope: Yes, sir. Yeah, no, I understand. To speak to some of those issues for you as far as the time for them going back we'll definitely look at that, we'll be able to refund a time for the crew that was gone on that job to go back we can, our trucks all have trackers in there, so we can track the time. You know, that it took a leave and come back for you. That's definitely a thing we'll research and be able to you know, figure out a fair refund value on that time for you. I'll go over that with Daniel.
JD Moore: Okay.
JD Moore: It's that time plus the time lost of having four able body gentleman moving at the new place. Yeah, okay.
Rance Pope: Yes sir. Yeah, yeah. Yeah we'll take that in the consideration we'll offer you, yeah, you know we wanna make things right. Also as far as the table goes that's quite frankly not up to our standards. One of the things that we evaluate guys on and as part of our practices is that we are supposed to disassemble things like that before we take it out of a unit. So I can I mean I just, I know it doesn't fix what happened for you on the job but I do want to let you know that isn't within our policy that's not the way we're supposed to be operating. I will definitely have a Lope with the crew about that. We will, we are gonna send you did they do you know if they, did they file a damage claim on site for you or did they what did.
JD Moore: Okay.
JD Moore: Yes.
JD Moore: Well this is the other thing he started to try to fill it out and I guess you have to take pictures and the pictures weren't loading properly. So it kept kicking them out of the system and then he was like, well let me just load one because you're gonna talk to him. Anyway it sounds like you got all the information from your designer that you can give to him. Let me just load one. So I believe he uploaded it. But I can't tell you what certainty that he did.
Rance Pope: Okay.
Rance Pope: Okay. I'll follow up, I have a, we have a customer experience team that kinda handles the damages independently of the branch they source, like, repair people and cost and offer settlements and get all that kind of stuff taken care of. So in the morning I'm gonna, I, they're off on Sunday. So their response won't be there but I'll follow up in the morning and find out make sure that claim got filed so that way we can, you know, get something going on that for you. Was there anything aside from the table that was damaged or M-A obviously, that's your main concern. That sounds pensive table, I, oh.
JD Moore: Okay.
JD Moore: That's the only thing I know of for, for certain and I had to see it they didn't tell me, I had to ask so, I'm going back over now. I mean, you know, the process you now I got to everything, but that's the only thing I saw right away.
Rance Pope: Yes.
Rance Pope: Yes sir. Yeah, yeah I understand. Yeah, I'm gonna follow up with my like I say my customer service team in the morning make sure that they have a copy of that. If not, then we're gonna have to send you a link to file for the damage claim. But like I said, we just got to find out whether or not they receive that damage but we're gonna do everything. I know it doesn't fix, you know, the experience that you had. Unfortunately it's not the customer experience. We look at the live, I know you repeat customer you've seen both sides of the point, sorry that this one did not go well for you today. I sounds like I need to do some serious following up with the team as far as training and things like that about taking legs of tables disassembling things before we move it. That's it's really just kind of a standard thing that we are supposed to be out there on the job.
JD Moore: Okay.
JD Moore: Yeah, I've seen the good side. Yup, that's fair.
JD Moore: You would have thought that exactly the comment for my partner was that first crew would have never done that. Yeah.
Rance Pope: Yeah, exactly, man.
Rance Pope: Yeah, that's a. Yeah, like I say that's, I mean, it's just unacceptable, it's against our company standards and stuff. So we'll definitely follow up with them about coaching on that. Also as far as I know you said you had to point out the table which also, you know, we won't love our movers to take accountability and if they do damage stuff, you know, mistakes do happen. I know this one was due to some neg diligence but you know, when something does happen, we want our movers to point it out to the customer on site and you know, we want to make things for you know, if we're moving is like you said, it's a stressful experience, I think and it's like one of the top five most stressful experiences and life, you know, that people go through. So we understand it and let's say, you know, they you should have, should have alerted you and you know, taken more initiative to take care of it yeah, exactly.
JD Moore: Yes.
JD Moore: Well, the fact that he knew how it happened, let me know I mean he knew exactly how it happened but he wasn't gonna say anything.
Rance Pope: That they, right.
Rance Pope: Yeah, which is what we don't want either is, yeah, and so we always tell guys you know, if something happens you know, let the customer know explain to them how our damage policy works which did they got, I'm not sure it, I mean, at this point it doesn't sound like they probably did a good job explaining the way the damage policy works. And I know when we booked to move you probably heard that we have the $2,000 per move to repair, replace and reimburse. That is a case by case basis depending on you know, what the damages are and things of that nature. There are some exception. So we make to that rule. So that's not a hard solid thing. Hopefully we'll be able to, you know, get through a table repaired for you or you know, depending on if you want to source it. I can't really speak to too much how we'll handle that the customer.
JD Moore: Yeah.
JD Moore: No, I understand. Yup.
Rance Pope: Experience team has all those contacts and we'll be able to do a bare job working with you on it. But generally once we get a damage claim our customer experience team reviews that they kind of go over some options with the client and you know, try and work out something that works for, for you guys to make things it generally they say two to three days right now we're kind of at the end of our busy season. So their response times a little bit quicker. I'll also when I speak to them in the morning and confirm whether or not we got that damage claim in I'll see you know, what we can do to try and expedite this for you and taken care of sooner than later on it. Like I say, hey, I'm gonna talk to Daniel we'll like I say make a make note and research what happened as far as the time going back and forth and make sure that we can refund you for that, like I said Daniel is not in today he's the one who can actually issue the refund so I've got, I've kind of noted all the stuff that we've talked about today and I'll kind of go over it with him in the morning and he can give you a call to kind of follow up and offer you a settlement as far as the time goes and.
JD Moore: Both parties understood.
JD Moore: Well, I appreciate it.
JD Moore: Okay, fair.
Rance Pope: Him or I will call you tomorrow to also let you know about what's going on with the damage claim. If we actually had received that or if it's something that we're going to have to send you the link for but you also have a couple of weeks. So if you find anything else that's damaged or anything like that please include that in the damage claim as well. I mean like I say it sounds like this was a soar experience for you that is not you know, the experience. So we want our customers to have that's not what we advertise it just really not the way we train our employees either. So, I'm pretty disappointed you know here that this already stressful experience was handled this way for you. Yeah, like that's a let's say like not, it's not what we want to hear at all. I mean, I know you know, sometimes mistakes are going to happen but it sounds like they weren't taking the necessary steps to you know prevent those mistakes either which is.
JD Moore: Okay.
JD Moore: Worse, yeah.
Rance Pope: Definitely, not what we want. You know, when our moving team and not well like I say, what we advertise or promise our customers, so I'm gonna like I say I. Yes, sir, yeah, I just wanted to reach out to you today. I know disappointed in the service so I just didn't want to, you know, sit overnight and wait till tomorrow and making, not feel like you were heard. Like I say we do, you know prod ourselves on our customer service and generally our employees, although, it sounds like there was some misses on this one that we need to follow up with on these guys. But I've got notated what we've talked about today. Like I say I'll have Daniel call and follow up with you tomorrow if you think of anything else that, you know, we missed in this conversation.
JD Moore: Well, I appreciate you making the time.
JD Moore: Thank you.
Rance Pope: Feel free to, to let him know or if you want to call back and let me know whichever way but somebody will call you in the morning and follow up with you. I just kinda wanted to get the conversation going and find out you know what the main points order and we can go for coaching these guys.
JD Moore: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it. Okay, have a good evening.
Rance Pope: Yes, sir. Thank you. I hope the rest of your afternoon is pretty good. Yes sir, thank you.
JD Moore: Thank you. Alright, bye.
Rance Pope: Bye.