REP: Roselyn Pammit
BRANCH: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 4968197611102208
DURATION_MIN: 6.6
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-13 17:18 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Emma Aguirre AB', 'Roselyn Pammit']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Roselyn Pammit: Hello good afternoon this is a from Einstein moving I'm looking to speak with Emma.
Emma Aguirre AB: Yes, yes sir.
Roselyn Pammit: Hi, Emma. I'm actually just calling in because we have saw that you have book remove on the 19th of September. So basically we just wanted to ask you some information in order for us to give you a perfect quote. Is it the convenient time to talk?
Emma Aguirre AB: Yeah, no, it's fine.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, so to start with the first location is 114 Devera. Parkway in San antonio, Texas. This is a one bedroom appointment square foot dig is 1000 and what is the unit number?
Emma Aguirre AB: The unit number is, 1231.
Roselyn Pammit: Thank you. And do we have any additional room like, game room, study room garage aside from a one bedroom.
Emma Aguirre AB: There's, I mean, there's like a little office space but it's com, it's pretty much empty for the most part except for my desk, but no, no, no extra room.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, this is located on the third floor. No elevator Sony stairs. What's the walk distance from where we can park the truck to the bottom of the stairs and from the top of the stairs going to the front door.
Emma Aguirre AB: Mm-hmm.
Emma Aguirre AB: Got it. I, you can park like, there's a parking lot like, right next to the walkway that LeadsUp to the stairs, and I put that second option which I think was about like, twenty to fifty feet and that's accounting for the stairs to go up. Yeah, I think I'm just gonna, I'm gonna stick with that twenty to fifty foot option.
Roselyn Pammit: Mm-hmm.
Roselyn Pammit: Mm-hmm.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay. And do we have regarding your items, do we have anything larger heavy, like safe piano large workout. Equipments washers dryers TV.
Emma Aguirre AB: No. We have a, like, a fifty inch TV? Like nothing super huge. And then I think our biggest is going to be our two couches in our mattress will probably be the biggest items. And we also have a dresser in two desks and one small table and chairs.
Roselyn Pammit: Uh-huh.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay.
Roselyn Pammit: Do we have anything valuable or Faga like anti collection, artwork collection, anything made of marble Gran or glass.
Emma Aguirre AB: No, nothing fragile.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, a typical backs count for your home size is fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you feel that you fall within that range?
Emma Aguirre AB: Do you think we fall within fifteen to twenty boxes? Probably says yes? Does that include so 1520 boxes I think is fine does that include like we have some things that are in like little crate? So, our tubs, yeah, does that count as like a box. Okay, that can get me back yeah, we're in that fifteen to twenty range still.
Roselyn Pammit: Yes.
Roselyn Pammit: Yes.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay. No need help in packing. This is from point A. To point B. And for the second destination that is 11626. In TriOak. San antonio, this is a one story house square square footage is 1600. How many bedrooms do you have here?
Emma Aguirre AB: It has three bedrooms, yeah, yeah.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, and what's the walk distance from where we can park the truck to your door?
Emma Aguirre AB: Yeah, it should be able to park either on the street or in the driveway. So, in that within twenty feet from the front door.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay. And regarding your items, do you have anything or with regards to both of the location? Should I say do we have access concerns, like, narrow pathways and hallway seep drivers and Payal is that we need to be aware of?
Emma Aguirre AB: Anything. That was bro. Way nothing for the destination location other than the stairway is, I mean, it's an outdoor stairway. So it might be like a little narrow or high outside. Our hallways are like soon narrow. Like we didn't have any issues moving it to our apartment. So I would say, we're fine on that front. There is a gate to get into our side of the complex. Do need information to get into the gate.
Roselyn Pammit: Mm-hmm.
Roselyn Pammit: Uh-huh.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, no worries. Let me just go ahead and put it here so there's like, there's a gate code.
Emma Aguirre AB: There's not a gate code like essentially when the movers get there, they could either call me or text me and I can buzz them in from my phone or there's a call box next to the gate and they just search my name and I can buzz them from there.
Roselyn Pammit: Correct.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, no worries. So normally two to three days prior to remove, we will already send you the name of the mirrors the day before. We already doing courtesy call or text just to remind you and on the day itself we will give you estimated time of arrival. So delivers will get in touch with you before they come into the first location.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay. And their estimated time of arrival, I saw that I booked 8:30 and it said they would let us know if it's like within, if they're like running late or if there's traffic about like thirty minutes late or something like that, is that still accurate?
Roselyn Pammit: Yeah.
Roselyn Pammit: That is correct. So normally, that would be from 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM the, that's the earliest that we can do.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay.
Roselyn Pammit: In the morning and we have updated the details here. So we'll send out two movers and one truck estimated time is four hours. The estimated cost is $929 then again we're timely based so in case if you still have extra time just to prepare but in the small items into your boxes yourself that would really help to keep the time done in efficiency up obviously the last time you take the less money end up spending by the end of the day in case you end up only the minimum it's $2,620. So that, yeah, give me one sec. So I'll send you a confirmation email and if ever there will be changes with regards to the date and the time, just let us know as long as we still still have availability we can always have it rescheduled.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay.
Emma Aguirre AB: Okay, that sounds good.
Roselyn Pammit: Alright then. Thank you so much and happy Sunday. Bye-bye.
Emma Aguirre AB: Thank you too. Bye-bye.