REP: Therese Ablang
BRANCH: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5511685434548224
DURATION_MIN: 10.9
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-08 13:50 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Sanchia Dominguez-AB', 'Therese Ablang']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available.
Therese Ablang: This is Teresa from Einstein Moving Company?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Thanks Einstein. Please stay on the line.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Hello.
Therese Ablang: Hi there, this is Teresa from mind moving company. Am I speaking with Sania.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yes, thank you.
Therese Ablang: Hi there, so we've noticed that you booked your move online and I was just reaching out to conduct your kickoff call. So is this a good time?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yes.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. So, yes ma'am I see that you are scheduled for October 16th which falls on a Friday and we have this in the morning with an 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM start window and our movers will of course give you a call once they are on their way now. Is this the best number to reach you?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Okay.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yes, it is but times like 11:00.
Therese Ablang: Oh, okay. So we do have a couple of star windows available. It would either therapy the first move of the day which is an 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM start window or if you'd like to move it later in the day the start window would be 81230 to 2:30 PM start window. Would that work for you at all?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: If not we didn't do it.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: No, let's keep it in time, so it won't be too hard.
Therese Ablang: Oh, I see.
Therese Ablang: See.
Therese Ablang: Here.
Therese Ablang: So basically ma'am the latest that we can do in the morning would be a 9:30 AM to 10:00 AM start window. Would that work for you instead?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah, that's fine.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Alright.
Therese Ablang: Okay. And so the starting address that we have here is 4411 Lina drive. And this is a 1000 square foot, one story house, how many bedrooms are there?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Three.
Therese Ablang: Alright, and do you have additional spaces that we'd need to move to you like any items from the garage or do you have outdoor furniture that you'd need to move?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah, there's a garage and some out outdoor roof.
Therese Ablang: Okay, do you have a one car or two car garage ma'am?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: One car.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and are you still able to park one car in there or is there, is it currently being used, the storage?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: One thing is a storage.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and do you have a driveway that we can use to park the truck or should we park along the.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Along the three, just a heads-up. The driveway is a very steep driveway.
Therese Ablang: Et. Okay. Gotcha.
Therese Ablang: Okay. And any special considerations in terms of the furniture items that will be moving any antiques, airbags workout equipment or a safe maybe?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: No.
Therese Ablang: Are we moving any appliances? Washer/Dryer fridge freezer? Okay.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: No.
Therese Ablang: Anything that may be particularly heavy or large or fragile.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Oh, fully happy. We have a shelf that's pretty heavy. That's the one that was actually heavy that I personally have ever been able to like lift everything else my house I've been able to move myself.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: Alright.
Therese Ablang: And can this speed disassembled draw or good one? Okay.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Dise all or no. Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright and typically for a home the size we would usually see about forty to fifty boxes. Do you feel like you'd fall within that standard range?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright.
Therese Ablang: And then we mark, we are moving everything to 13204 Stabler drive, and this is a 1900 square foot house that's two story. How many bedrooms are there at the new home?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Three bedrooms and the office downstairs.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright. And at this location will we have access to a driveway or will it be street parking as well? Okay.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah, so, always.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and any apart from the deep driveway at the first house, any other special considerations in terms of access to either home, low hanging branches type turns or type hallways or anything like that.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: The only, I'm really, the only house that's gonna be hard to move out of. It's gonna be probably this house of a seep cliff but I, you guys, I, we hired you a few years ago and you all moved in very fast so you've done it before and I know you can.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Oh, okay. Gotcha. Let me see here.
Therese Ablang: Okay, here we go. Yes I believe this was in 2022 that you, we moved you, okay, here.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: It's good.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah.
Therese Ablang: Alright, so, since you mentioned them that there are additional spaces that we did not take into account for when we first estimated your quote at four hours, we would usually conduct a virtual walkthrough for this. It usually takes about ten minutes just so that we can get an inventory of your home and make sure that you provide you with a more accurate estimate. What would you be available to do this, ma'am?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Sorry, so virtually.
Therese Ablang: Am. Yes, ma'am. Uh-huh.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: I can't really do it the street but I can do it the first week of October.
Therese Ablang: Of course. Yes ma'am. So, let me just pull up the calendar here.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: I overhead job like for insurance we have, like a couch that's on in here. We're not thinking taking the put us. So, something seems we're not taking.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Oh, mm-hmm gotcha. Well, you can just point out all the inventory that we are going to be move, moving for you. So that we can then adjust the estimate and we can of course work around.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Okay. So right now what is your estimate right now for moving?
Therese Ablang: Yes, ma'am. So, right now we are set. This was initially quoted at four hours with two movers in a truck at the side, but as you know, we do this on an hourly basis and we only charge you for the time use of the move-in fifteen minute increments at the same hourly rate and there are no additional charges at any time.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Uh-huh.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: So, what's the cost I, if it takes like five hours or will be the cost?
Therese Ablang: So, currently for four hours it's $888. If we for example go up to five it is $1,110 since it is $111 per hour per mover on that Friday which is a standard great day. We typically have lower rates on Tuesday to Thursday and let me check on the Sunday as well.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: If that?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: So if I maybe to move to Thursday then.
Therese Ablang: If we move you on say the fifteenth, the rate would go down from $111 to $104 per hour. PerMe so for five hours. I'm sorry.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Let's do Thursday.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Let's do Thursday then?
Therese Ablang: Okay, no worries. Yeah, I can definitely move your booking to Thursday the 15th of October.
Therese Ablang: Alright. Okay and so what time? I'm sorry what time would you be available or what day would you be available the first week of October for the ten minute virtual walkthrough, ma'am?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: We do it on Monday.
Therese Ablang: Sure. So Monday 5th of October.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Yeah.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and what time works best for you?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: After hours, I do work. So, I get like around 5:00 or 530.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm okay, sure, yeah, I can definitely go ahead and do that.
Therese Ablang: Alright, so, what, oh, I will be doing is, I will be sending you a text message with a link as oc October 5th comes closer and all you have to do is to click on that secure link it'll lead you straight through to the to the meeting room and I'll be there to guide you through the whole process. But at this moment, we are confirmed for Thursday, October 15th with a 9:30 AM to 10:00 AM start on.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Okay.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Okay, awesome.
Therese Ablang: Alright. And so do you have any other, do you have any questions for me in terms of the pricing or anything at all the moving process maybe?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Nope, I'm familiar with how you guys work. I've moved a million times. I'll just have everything ready before you guys get here.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Yes, ma'am. Okay, sounds good. Well if you do come up with any questions or concerns please feel free to reach back out to us, okay?
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Have a good day.
Therese Ablang: You too, thank you so much bye-bye now.
Sanchia Dominguez-AB: Thank.