REP: Therese Ablang
BRANCH: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5792353234231296
DURATION_MIN: 7.2
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-08 21:40 CT
SPEAKERS: ['Cristian Staalenburg-AB', 'Therese Ablang']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available.
Therese Ablang: My name is Teresa from Einstein Moving Company.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Thanks signs, please stay on the line.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Hello.
Therese Ablang: Hi Sara, this is Teresa from Einstein Moving Company com. Am I speaking with Christian?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yes, you are. How's it going?
Therese Ablang: Hi, there so yes, we noticed that you booked your move online, and I was just reaching out to conduct your kickoff call. So is this a good time?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Oh, yeah, this is grace.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. So, I see that you are scheduled for a move with us on Thursday. The 10th of September and is this the best phone number to reach you by the way?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yes, it is.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect! And so we're starting from 1515 South Lamar Boulevard, in Austin. This is a one bedroom apartment on the fourth floor with elevator access. Can I please have the unit number for the, for the apartment.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yes, the unit number is, 1413.
Therese Ablang: Thank you and will the elevator be reserved for the move by the way.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: They don't usually reserve them although I imagine that a Thursday mid-day it would be very available.
Therese Ablang: At no worries and so this is a 700 square foot apartment. Do you have additional spaces that we need to move, move like any items from a balcony storage closet or a study?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: No, no, I don't.
Therese Ablang: Okay. And what is the block distance from where we can park the truck to the elevator of the first floor.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, so, that walking distance is the length of about the length of about the width of two hallways. So, I would say twenty feet, yeah, about twenty feet, yup.
Therese Ablang: Okay and once you get to the mm-hmm and once we get to the fourth floor is the apartment right there, or is there a walk involved there as well?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, so there is a little bit of a walk involved on the fourth floor. That walk is about.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, let me think probably.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Probably about forty yards.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. And any special considerations in terms of the furniture items that will be moving for you? Anything that's particularly heavy or large or fragile.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: The TV is, is relatively fragile. It's a rather large TV about 65 inches and it's pretty thin as well.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Is this an old led?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: And then, yeah, it's an OLED. Yup.
Therese Ablang: Is it mounted on the wall?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: It is mounted on the wall but I can remove it from the wall by the time the movers arrive.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Would you happen to have the original box for this as well or not anywhere?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: I can have it, I can have it available. Yup.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. Yeah. So, yeah, you can definitely take it off the wall before the movers get there or we can take it off the wall for you if you'd like and we can also help you box it up since it is a larger T.
Therese Ablang: Is there anything else that might be a little cumbersome or awkward even?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, the, in the bedroom, there's a king bed that can be pretty large to take. There's all the TV console is also relatively large. So those are probably the three main considerations there in terms of actual size and difficulty to move. The rest of it should be rather simple. I mean, by simple I mean something that even one person could, could probably move.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. Alright, and typically for a one bedroom apartment and we would usually see, see about fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you feel like you'd fall within that standard range?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, I would say probably around twenty boxes if I had to guess.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. And everything will be boxed up before our movers arrive. Is that correct?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yes, that's correct.
Therese Ablang: Okay. And then we're moving everything to 201 East Fourth Street. This is a one bedroom apartment on the first floor and we'd be able to park pretty close to the apartment. Is that correct?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yeah, that's correct.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and can I please have the unit number for this location?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Yup, the unit number is 202.
Therese Ablang: Okay, thank you.
Therese Ablang: Alright.
Therese Ablang: Okay, now with regards to pricing, we do charge an hourly rate of $104 per hour per mover. We'll send two movers your way. So we're looking at $208 an hour and the only thing that we do have is a two and a half hour minimum. If and when we exceed the two and a half hours we charge in fifteen minute increments at the same hourly rate. So there are no additional fees of any type. So I just wanted to ask if you had any questions with regards to our pricing at all.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: No, no, no questions about it. It was pretty clear on the side as well.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect, and let me see.
Therese Ablang: See, so we will of course be getting in contact with you a few days before the actual move will be sending a meter mover email, which I see that you've already sent out earlier today and then we'll also be conducting, we'll reach out tomorrow just to check-in and make sure that we're all set for the move on Thursday. So did you have any questions, any concerns about the moving process as well.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: No, that should be pretty straightforward. Yeah, I appreciate it.
Therese Ablang: Alright, perfect. Well, yeah, we are all set. Our movers will give you a call once they are on their way to the first department and that can be in the start window. As I can see here is a 12:30 AM to 2:30 PM start window. And so yeah, if you do, before then, before Thursday, if you do up with any questions or concerns please feel free to reach back out to us, okay?
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Okay, sounds great. Thank you so much.
Therese Ablang: Thank you so much for your time. You have a good day sir.
Cristian Staalenburg-AB: Alright, you too, bye.
Therese Ablang: Thank you, bye-bye.