REP: Zachary Krodel
BRANCH: Garland Einstein Moving Company
CALL_ID: 5638386707111936
DURATION_MIN: 12.5
DATETIME_CT: 2026-09-12 19:45 CT
SPEAKERS: ['BOLT ISABEL', 'Zachary Krodel']

--- TRANSCRIPT ---
Zachary Krodel: Stin moving Zachary speaking. How can I help you?
BOLT ISABEL: Hi, there are, my name is Isabel bolt. I'm moving from Knox Henderson area to Colleville and it's been a long time since I hired a mover but what kind of information would you need from me in order to give me an estimate?
Zachary Krodel: Yeah. Let's see. Are you moving from a home, an apartment or a townhome?
BOLT ISABEL: It would be called the townhome. Yes, it's a duplex but it's a townhome two floors 2500.
Zachary Krodel: Do you know the square footage?
Zachary Krodel: Okay. And what date were you looking to have this move done?
BOLT ISABEL: October 10th.
Zachary Krodel: Ten.
BOLT ISABEL: And I didn't know if you charge more on weekends cause I could do it during the weekdays as well.
Zachary Krodel: We do, Friday and Saturday are a little bit more expensive with Monday through Thursday being the cheapest Sunday is kind of a, a weird one in the middle between the two.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay, let me think about that cause it actually happens to be on Columbus Day weekend. I don't know if you can coll stay on that Monday as a holiday?
Zachary Krodel: We don't. We're open, and it is one of our cheaper days.
BOLT ISABEL: Cause I pre, oh, okay, oh, good.
BOLT ISABEL: I would say let's go with the twelfth then.
Zachary Krodel: Alright.
Zachary Krodel: So, we charge $101 per hour per mover typically a home your size we're sending at a four man crew with two trucks. So that would be an hourly rate of $404 an hour on average a fully furnished home your size would take a four man crew around eight hours to move. That's the case for your move. And it does take the full eight hours you'd be looking at a cost of $3,232 now that said should they beat the estimate or your move simply not take that long. That is all you'll pay for just the time actually worked on the day of this move.
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah, cause it's interesting. I'm selling my office furniture and I'm not, I have a second living living area and that's gonna be consigned and I only have two bedrooms. The third one is empty. So it's a little bit, I guess.
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah, I guess it sounds like a lot, but if you're just gonna do it by the, by the amount of tiny take, I essentially have living room, kitchen, then I have two bedrooms.
BOLT ISABEL: And.
BOLT ISABEL: That's it, I guess, cause the rest of the stuff is being sold. I don't have outdoor, no outdoor furniture either but.
Zachary Krodel: What another thing I was gonna say is we have a unique system in which we can offer a virtual walkthrough. Basically, you don't have to download anything, we can either just send you a link to complete at your own leisure. Or you can do it face-to-face with us, you walk us around the home and then we can give you a more accurate estimate based off the inventory we actually see inside the home.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay. I don't know if I want to do the HS as long as you guys, guys only charge for, you know, the amount of time I don't think it's gonna take cause basically I think you'd be looking at an 1800 square foot house versus 25. If you know what I mean, since I don't have the bedroom dining room working for office, yeah, so give, give me an idea when an 1800 square foot would be.
Zachary Krodel: And then.
Zachary Krodel: Yeah, that's it.
Zachary Krodel: For sure.
Zachary Krodel: We'll see that's the, that's the thing. So we move with one size truck that's a 26 foot box truck that can typically fit around a fully furnace 1700 square foot home. Which is why, anything above that is why we by standard we send out a four man crew with two trucks just in the off chance that not everything fits into one. Which is why I mentioned that virtual walk through that's another part of it. It's, we can determine if we need a second truck or if we think a two or three man crew with one truck and fit everything.
BOLT ISABEL: I see.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay.
Zachary Krodel: But the safer plate, if you, if you want to ensure everything fits was we send out a foreman crew with two trucks and then you just pay for the time actually works. So if they're able to knock everything out in four hours, ultimately it's gonna end up being cheaper cause you have more hands more truck space not having to floor that front back floor ceiling.
BOLT ISABEL: Right, and so if you what if you came with two trucks and you only need one.
Zachary Krodel: Got it. I mean the move would just go that much quicker you're not going to be charged necessarily for. Right? It, it's just you're paying more for the crew size basically cause it's just that $101 per hour, per mover.
BOLT ISABEL: By the truck.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay, that makes sense.
Zachary Krodel: But that's quite literally all you're paying for. It's just the hourly rate. No hidden fees whatsoever, and then everything's everything needed to complete your move is included in that hourly rate.
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah, yeah.
BOLT ISABEL: Mm-hmm. Okay.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay, yeah, I think that's a good idea. We should probably go ahead and book it for the twelfth.
Zachary Krodel: Okay, I'm starting with the basics. Can you? Oh.
BOLT ISABEL: And what I might, you know what I, what I might do and your name is Zach Zachary, is that right?
Zachary Krodel: Yes ma'am.
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, okay. What I might do is once I get these things consigned and out of here and cause the men are coming to move that would be a more accurate walkthrough. At, at that point I think I probably would say, hey, exactly, let me do this walkthrough with you because now there'll be empty rooms versus you, you'll see a lot of furniture now it's gonna be gone, it'll be very, it'll be very confusing so between goodwill and the consignment, I'm losing like three rooms and so maybe, I'll go ahead and take you up on that virtual walkthrough before the twelfth and then you would know not to bring an extra truck for instance.
Zachary Krodel: For sure.
Zachary Krodel: Absolutely! The good thing is, you know, we don't require deposit or credit card to get this scheduled. But, we are first come, first serve. So, we have, you know, a final amount of trucks any given day and once we have you on the schedule, we can kind of play around with removing resources cause it's harder to add resources after the fact.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay.
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, okay.
BOLT ISABEL: Right.
BOLT ISABEL: That makes sense. Yeah. Excellent and, and since it's over a month away or, or does exactly a month away because we time to get everything else out of here. Yeah, so let's, let's go ahead and put me down for the twelfth.
Zachary Krodel: Yeah, starting with the basics. Can you spell your first and last name for me?
BOLT ISABEL: Yes, it's Isabel Bolt lightning.
Zachary Krodel: Isabel, is this the best number to reach you at?
BOLT ISABEL: It is.
Zachary Krodel: And then a good email to send all this information to.
BOLT ISABEL: Okay, it's a different last name so it's more difficult Isabel.stoves S-P-O-L T-Z-M-A-N.
BOLT ISABEL: @verizon.net.
Zachary Krodel: You were saying T. As in tango, correct?
BOLT ISABEL: Yes, ST. Tango OL like liver, T-Z. Like Tom. Zebra and then man.
Zachary Krodel: Okay. Alright. Now, I need the address you are moving from and then two.
BOLT ISABEL: From 5147 Miller Avenue in Dallas.
BOLT ISABEL: 75206.
BOLT ISABEL: Tell me when you're ready for the next one.
Zachary Krodel: I'm ready.
BOLT ISABEL: 3118 woodland heights circle.
BOLT ISABEL: That's in Colleyville.
BOLT ISABEL: 76034.
Zachary Krodel: Alright. Now as far as your furniture is concerned, is there anything that's exceptionally heavy, fragile or antique?
BOLT ISABEL: And she know fragile. No, I'm concerning the mirror.
BOLT ISABEL: There's one buffet but it's like a sideboard. But you guys can lift that. But that's kind of heavy, that's all it would, but aside from that it's just regular stuff, bedrooms, you know, that kind of thing with dressers.
Zachary Krodel: How about any appliances Washer/Dryer fridge?
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, so no refrigerators they're coming, they're staying with the house. Yes, a washer and dryer.
Zachary Krodel: And then if you had to estimate the number of boxes Isabel are we thinking like fifty to sixty, or eighty to a hundred?
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, boy. No it wouldn't be eighty to a hundred. I was thinking like forty but I'm probably way off. I would say fifty to sixty medium to small boxes.
Zachary Krodel: Okay.
Zachary Krodel: And then the new home you're going to is that two stories as well?
BOLT ISABEL: It is.
BOLT ISABEL: And the only thing that you're gonna move is one bedroom upstairs, everything else is downstairs.
Zachary Krodel: Okay.
Zachary Krodel: And then you know while I'm punching everything in, I can tend to be a little bit nosy. I looked up your current home that it says pending. Is this furniture accurate in the Zillow posting a little wooden secretary in the office with a Hutch behind it. Light brown leather chair in the same room?
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah.
BOLT ISABEL: Yes.
BOLT ISABEL: Yes, the Hutch is going to be consigned the light brown leather chair is going with us.
Zachary Krodel: Okay.
Zachary Krodel: Perfect. I won't add all these items cause obviously you know, you if we wanted to do that virtual at a later date but that's.
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah, and that's a great, that's a great thing that you looked it up. Yeah, so the kitchen that you see all the stuff you see in the main room that will go with the exception of I'm not moving the TV and there's a Shay lounge in the living room that's gonna go with somebody else and I don't have any, I'm not moving the outdoor furniture.
Zachary Krodel: Mm-hmm.
Zachary Krodel: Okay.
Zachary Krodel: Perfect.
BOLT ISABEL: Yeah. So that's and okay, so when you go upstairs one of the first pictures, was it pretty done with that sectional and the rug? See that one?
Zachary Krodel: Mm-hmm.
Zachary Krodel: Yes ma'am.
BOLT ISABEL: That's not going with you, that's gonna be consigned.
Zachary Krodel: Okay.
BOLT ISABEL: That, that's why, I mean, it's kind of, but anyway, yeah, and then the bedrooms are what you see guest room and then my room.
Zachary Krodel: For sure.
Zachary Krodel: Perfect.
BOLT ISABEL: Yup, good. I'm glad you did that, that's, that was very smart and the just to answer a second question you might have, we're scheduled to close on Tuesday.
Zachary Krodel: Oh.
Zachary Krodel: Perfect.
BOLT ISABEL: You know how that you know, I'm crest it was the cash offer. So nothing should go wrong but you never ever, ever know and so I'm ready to go but there's a lot of crazy people so I don't want to be superstitious but that's why I thought well I'll engage you and then god, something happens, I'll just take myself off your schedule but as far as I know now it looks all ready to go.
Zachary Krodel: For sure.
Zachary Krodel: Well, what I was gonna say is, you know, if you need to, to cancel or reschedule, there's no penalty or fee to do so so if for whatever reason it doesn't my fingers across it everything goes well, but if it doesn't, you can simply just reschedule to new date with a click of a mouse.
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, okay.
BOLT ISABEL: Mm-hmm.
BOLT ISABEL: Oh, perfect. That sounds good.
Zachary Krodel: Alright, well, I've got you scheduled for the twelfth. I'll send over a confirmation email now and we're all set and good to go.
BOLT ISABEL: I think exactly. It's been the pleasure and look forward to, to it.
Zachary Krodel: Awesome, we look forward to it as well and should you have any other questions. In the meantime, please do not hesitate to reach out.
BOLT ISABEL: Absolutely, and I will totally do that. Thank you. Alright, bye-bye. Yeah, thank you. Bye.
Zachary Krodel: Alright, no problem at all. We look forward to working with you. Alright, bye!