Rep: Alexander Tran
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5716800042639360
Duration: 11.8 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 19:51 CT
Speakers: Alexander Tran, Park Sohyoung

---TRANSCRIPT---

Park Sohyoung: Hello.
Alexander Tran: Hey, so young, this is Alex just following back up.
Park Sohyoung: Yes.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Did you want me to, did, did you wanna put me on speakerphone so I can explain to your husband at the same time or did you want me to just. Okay.
Park Sohyoung: Yes, yes, so you haven't sent me an email. Yes, right.
Alexander Tran: No, not just yet, not just yet.
Park Sohyoung: Okay, so we're on the picker phone now.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. So this would be very straightforward. The only thing that I do want to bring to you guys' attention here is just to see if you guys have any restrictions as far as when you need to move to absolutely occur. I know during the email, we were looking at the thirty first of this month and also August 1st.
Park Sohyoung: Oh, no. Actually, we decide to to move the date actually. That was the things I wanted to mention. So, now we're looking at August. You said fourteen August fourteenth Friday.
Alexander Tran: Okay, perfect. Perfect. Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. Yeah, let me take a, a look. Perfect okay currently have plenty of availability there and then let me just take a quick look look here. Okay, cool. So for your move you really just have three things that you're gonna want to consider. The primary thing is going to be the hourly rate. So on Friday August 14th it would be at $200 per hour for a two man team and that clock would be prorated, meaning we're only gonna charge you to the nearest fifteen minutes of however long to move itself actually ends up taking I would say based on what I saw today you're somewhere closer to what I would expect for like the average, two to three bedroom apartment.
Alexander Tran: Not really anything crazy. Nothing that we haven't seen before. We've moved plenty of China cabinets, plenty of curio cabinets. We've seen your bed frames before all of that, we would be able to make sure we wrap up nice to meet with moving blankets and stretch wrap. Those are not an additional charge, any disassemble for like the mirror on the dresser breaking down the bed frames, putting it back together for you in the new home. All of that gets covered by our hourly rate. Now, outside of the hourly rate, you would have a trip fee for this move just associated with The Woodlands area. That's gonna be a flat fee of $105. It does not multiply overtime. Unless you need a second truck, but in your case, one truck should be just fine. Typically a three bedroom apartment equivalency that's closer to about $1,200 to 1400 square feet. Our truck. It's good for about $1,800 square fee.
Alexander Tran: Now lastly the last thing that would be affecting the final total is just whatever you end up paying for and packing materials. In your case you're probably going to be well underneath $30 for the packing materials. Since the only thing that we really need to charge you for would just be the boxes for the lamp shades. Probably about two boxes one per lamp shade and then whatever, whatever you end up needing. And wardrobes we'll bring, we'll bring like four or five just that we have more than enough, but more than likely you probably won't be using more than 22. So your supply charge probably landing closer to about $30 there. If that now altogether, I would probably expect to move itself to take anywhere from six and a half to seven and a half hours including the drive time between locations. So that means that your hourly rate would not begin until we actually arrive there at the woodland. The drive between locations would be charged to that same hourly rate.
Alexander Tran: Now the movers they stop for, for a lunch or at a gas station, then we do pause your clock. Meaning we only want to charge you for the time in which we're actually moving and the time in which we're driving between the locations now. The time officially ends once we unload that last item for you at the new home, and then we're gonna knock out a final walkthrough with you. So, we're gonna make sure that everything gets placed in the room that you need it to go to that everything gets properly and that nothing is left behind on the truck. And then, based on that we would collect payment to the nearest fifteen minutes Reval of however long it ends up taking but a move like this probably gonna be anywhere from six and a half to seven and a half. So, if I calculate the numbers here for you seven and a half hours is gonna land the total closer to about $1,635.
Alexander Tran: And then if we're closer to about six and a half hours for the day that's gonna be closer to about 1435 now. I can see it being underneath that but I feel like in general role you're probably gonna fall somewhere right around that range.
Park Sohyoung: Okay, I have a question if we want to move on Thursday do you have different rate?
Alexander Tran: Sure.
Alexander Tran: We sure do. Yeah, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Those are going to be our best hourly rate. So, if you're able to do it on the thirteenth that's gonna give you the most savings. Let's see, so, seven it goes down $5 an hour per mover. So for a two man team, it goes down $10 per hour. So, let's say seven and a half hours, if we go into that territory total associated with that, is going to be closer to about $1,560 and then $6 and a half is going to be closer to about $1,370.
Park Sohyoung: Uh-huh.
Park Sohyoung: Uh-huh.
Park Sohyoung: Mm-hmm.
Park Sohyoung: Bye, $100 difference, $100 and money's $100,000 difference. Yeah. Okay. So I think it's up to you. So we will I will kind of like, this is the first actually kind of call we have for this kind of estimate. So but they I we will appreciate that you sent us that breakdown of the prices and every detail then we can just kind of like. So, so now at this point you have you know can pick, I mean like there's no a, I mean no issue with availability on those two dates. Right? August 13th or August 13th.
Alexander Tran: Yup.
Alexander Tran: Okay, gotcha.
Alexander Tran: Absolutely.
Alexander Tran: No, for the thirteenth and yes, thirteenth and fourteenth we currently have plenty of slots available, and then you're always welcome to, to email me back if you want to continue to check and like keep an eye on those dates or you can give me a call back if you wanted to say, hey Alex can you just check to see if that schedule is still open or if you want me to check any other dates if ultimate.
Park Sohyoung: Uh-huh.
Park Sohyoung: Okay, so usually, what time, what time is a good time to kind of like, how I mean late and, and what it Bei, yes.
Alexander Tran: How far in advance would you be booking?
Alexander Tran: Typic, I would probably recommend anywhere from like two to three weeks out especially if it's going to be on, on like closer to that Friday cause we're booking up those days fast is Friday, Saturday. We book out the fastest but yeah, risk, cause right now the moving industry in general isn't busy season for us our reservations are completely free. So we don't ask for any card information. We're not gonna charge you a deposit. Nothing like that as long as we have the availability we'll let you know what our arrival time is and if that works for you then that reservation is all years because it's that easy, we are booking out faster than we took.
Park Sohyoung: Thank you.
Park Sohyoung: Uh-huh.
Park Sohyoung: Mm-hmm.
Park Sohyoung: Mm-hmm.
Park Sohyoung: Yeah.
Park Sohyoung: Thursday, that is correct. Okay, we, we chose Thursday either Thursday, Friday is okay with us but I just to figure that out maybe I have one more day to prepare the finer but actually we'll be ready by the week the weekend before. So, yeah, so we, let's choose August 13th Thursday is probably better in traffic as well. So, yeah, travel time is actually better so Thursday is better but you guys come in early morning then, right?
Alexander Tran: And then if anything comes up.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Yes sir. We would be arriving within a, a thirty minute window between 8:45 and 9:15. Typically, the movers will call you around 8:00 AM with their, with their ETA based on the traffic conditions that morning.
Park Sohyoung: Okay. Okay, Thursday is good for us then. Okay, estimate.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Now, I'm, as, as you guys mentioned, I'm sure you guys are probably doing your homework with other moving companies. Probably getting other estimates. If ultimately, you do feel like we are a good fit for you. I'm more than happy to kind of just hold the spot for you. And then if anything comes up, I could always remove it off of there. Do you want me to just hold the spot temporarily for August 13th? Okay.
Park Sohyoung: Sure, yeah, make, make reservation in the final words when we can call you and say, it's, yeah, we would like to use you when is the last time.
Alexander Tran: So, if I create the reservation for you then you can rest assure we'll be ready to go. So if you don't, even if you don't reach out to us August 13th we'll, we'll be ready to go, you're gonna receive like courtesy text a few days in advance, just confirming that we're good. But if ultimately you decide that you found another moving company, that's a better fit for you then you can always just give us a callback or email back a text message back, whichever just to let us know that you no longer need the reservation in which case there's no cancellation fees or if on the other hand, if something comes up because it's moving things come up if you end up having to reschedule and change the date and just let us know and as long as we have the availability, we can shift over your move date, ate it will be subject to whatever the hourly rate happens to be for that date that you change it to but there are no penalty fees for rescheduling or cancellations.
Park Sohyoung: Yeah.
Park Sohyoung: Okay, okay.
Park Sohyoung: Okay.
Park Sohyoung: Okay, so I really appreciate your call and then what, what's the best number to get, get you?
Alexander Tran: You're gonna find it at the, at the bottom of that email there and in fact, all, all the email. Yup. Yeah, all the emails that we've been on, like going back and forth you'll see, you'll see my number. Yeah, that's my number right there. You can always ask to get transferred over to me if you need to and then yeah, in the meantime.
Park Sohyoung: Oh, you're gonna send service email. Okay.
Park Sohyoung: Yeah, there is a number there, yes. Okay, oh, so this is the number actually I think now you are using your that phone number, right to talk to us 281-962-3973 and what, what's your name? Alex, hold on. Okay you understand moving yes mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, it should be. Yeah, 962-3973 yup, that's me. Mm-hmm my name is Alex.
Alexander Tran: That's right, yes sir.
Park Sohyoung: Okay. Okay, so if you can send us that the detailed information about what we talk about today and then we will appreciate that and then we will just keep our reservation for now. So Thir August 13th, right?
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: That's right, August 13th, that's right.
Park Sohyoung: Yes, and then those hourly rate and those details. If you can send us that information on email then we will be very happy. So, so unless we cancel it, you're gonna schedule this right?
Alexander Tran: Okay, absolutely, I'll get to work on that right now.
Alexander Tran: That's correct. Yeah as of now we fully intend on arriving on the thirteenth now plans changed for you. Feel free to let us know no worries, no pressure.
Park Sohyoung: Okay.
Park Sohyoung: And then, and, and then you're gonna send the confirmation text right around when?
Alexander Tran: It's typically about three or four days in advance and it'll give you, it'll give you the opportunity to say yes or no on the text message as well.
Park Sohyoung: You mean, text, text will text to confirm in three days from today. No, before the moving days. Oh, okay, okay, alright, unless we cancel that, okay, yeah, okay, thank you. Mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: No, three days from the move through through. Yeah, about three or four days from the move itself. Yes, sir.
Alexander Tran: Correct. Correct. Mm-hmm. Okay, guys, any, any other questions for me while I have you on the line?
Park Sohyoung: Do you have any questions? No, that, that's about it and.
Park Sohyoung: That's it Google together each. Okay, alright, so, we're thinking about and on the if you don't cancel you then we'll go ahead to do it with you. Okay, so, okay, okay, okay, that.
Alexander Tran: Okay, no problem. Alrighty guys if anything comes up, you know where to find me. Thank you so much.
Park Sohyoung: Thank you so much, Alex. Bye-bye.
Alexander Tran: Alrighty bye-bye.
