Rep: Alexander Tran
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6458291551674368
Duration: 17.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 15:33 CT
Speakers: Alexander Tran, Ashish Mehta

---TRANSCRIPT---

Ashish Mehta: This is.
Alexander Tran: Hey, this is Alex wins. We've been going back and forth on the.
Ashish Mehta: Hey. Yeah, you want to just go through the pictures. Maybe I can help you, I'll pull it up here quickly.
Alexander Tran: Sure, yeah, I have it pulled up, right now.
Ashish Mehta: That way help.
Ashish Mehta: Alright.
Ashish Mehta: Let's start with picture number seven.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: I think we're gonna do half the desk, the meter is already gone.
Alexander Tran: Okay. So the desk is coming.
Ashish Mehta: Half the desk I think she said half of the half, I think she's disposing off or something and the meter is already gone.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Do you want to take anything else in that room?
Ashish Mehta: And the chair.
Ashish Mehta: The chair welcome. I mean the monitor I can carry that. I don't need you to do that one.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Alright. And then onto the dining room.
Ashish Mehta: Alright, gone. Nothing there.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal and then living room.
Ashish Mehta: Living room, the side table and the ener tables gone so far will come the two side sirs will come the entertainment center will come.
Alexander Tran: Okay, one second. I'm just taking to notes as we go through it. So, we have the sofa, two our chairs, the entertainment center, and the TV, right?
Ashish Mehta: And the TV and a little picture that's hanging on the above the fireplace. Yeah.
Alexander Tran: On the mental. Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Cool.
Alexander Tran: Yup. And then let's see here. That's just the kitchen. Did you want that dining table to come at all? It's in the breakfast room? Okay, and then I see primary bedroom here, safety so all that's coming.
Ashish Mehta: That's gone.
Ashish Mehta: Let me, let me move forward. Did you get the fridge? I don't.
Alexander Tran: Fridge is come in okay, well, I mean, Washer/Dryer fridge already had noted. Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Okay. Alright, perfect. Okay, primary bedroom. I think at most the TV and the TV stand. Everything else is we're trying to get rid of.
Alexander Tran: Okay, sounds good.
Alexander Tran: Okay, and then I see secondary downstairs.
Ashish Mehta: That's gone.
Alexander Tran: All of the gone. Okay, Washer/Dryer we already have and then we have the game room upstairs.
Ashish Mehta: Yup. No, that's all gone, except that low table where the books are. That's probably the only thing.
Alexander Tran: All gone. Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay. So just like the little shelf. Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah.
Ashish Mehta: And then, the sectional and table and possibly the TV.
Alexander Tran: Okay, then we have that.
Alexander Tran: Okay, give me one second. That's in the secondary bedroom.
Ashish Mehta: Upstairs. After the game room pictures, I think it's picture number 35. Yeah, yeah.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm with the with the gray recliner.
Alexander Tran: Okay, so every, everything and they're good to go, right?
Ashish Mehta: Everything in there. Yeah, welcome.
Alexander Tran: Okay, that's a, that's a sectional that I'm looking at there or is that an armchair?
Ashish Mehta: Yeah, yeah, no it's a sectional, we broke it about it.
Alexander Tran: Okay, got a sectional. We got a recliner.
Alexander Tran: TV stand and TV. Okay.
Ashish Mehta: There's no, I mean the sectional that is a recliner I mean, it's just a large sectional. There's no separate recliner in there. Yeah. Yeah, they're all part of the same piece, we just didn't put them together.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha. So they, those two are part of the same piece.
Alexander Tran: Okay, no problem.
Ashish Mehta: And then you got the data table that come, the TV will possibly come, possibly, I'm trying to get it of it actually, that the bedroom number, picture number 39 will come all of it. Yup. Okay, blue room blue come.
Alexander Tran: Okay, sounds good.
Alexander Tran: That's the blue room. Sorry, I don't see numbers on my end. Okay, cool.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Is that a that's like a full-size or a queen size bed?
Ashish Mehta: Mm-hmm.
Ashish Mehta: Coins, I think those are the rooms I said will come right? The two rooms upstairs and then this other white bed room, Vanessa white, the white bed, the secondary bedroom with slight lightly blue ish color. Welcome. All of that.
Alexander Tran: Okay, queen bed.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Gotcha. Okay.
Ashish Mehta: And nothing in the backyard.
Alexander Tran: Nothing in the backyard. Okay. And then finally anything in the garage, you want us to take it all or, or are we not touching up?
Ashish Mehta: No, I'll show you the garage. Do you want me to just how do I show? Can I do a.
Alexander Tran: You could probably just, you can text photos if you want, is it easier to just do that?
Ashish Mehta: Okay, this, yeah, I'll take a picture and send it to you. I think garage has a little some small stuff some boxes of be back.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Let me just take a picture of that and send it over to you. There's a recliner in there. Small chair, dili.
Alexander Tran: Yup.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: And some really small stuff but it does. Yeah, let me take a, I just do a, let me take a picture and send it to you right now see if that helps. Alright, that's about all.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, no problem.
Ashish Mehta: And I think we're thinking on twenty fifth is that valid? Is that okay, still?
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Let me take a look for it for you.
Ashish Mehta: I know I had originally put 24 but our closing not moved to 24. So, yeah.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, right now we do have the availability for the twenty fifth. Just give me one second I'm gonna pull up your profile and then did you sent over the photo already.
Ashish Mehta: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: No, you want me to just take it right now and send it.
Alexander Tran: Yeah! Yeah, you can, I should be able to receive it.
Ashish Mehta: I send it to this number or do you want me to send it to?
Alexander Tran: Here. I can read out the phone number to you whenever you're ready.
Ashish Mehta: Hold on one sec. Let me take a couple of views so you get full view of what we're talking about here.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Okay, I've got a couple of pictures taken and I'll just email it to you. I while, while we're talking you'll have them here in a minute.
Alexander Tran: That's fine.
Ashish Mehta: Sent them.
Ashish Mehta: Just a lot of box, you know, boxes sitting there that we haven't started using, and then the small boxes that we filled up, I guess?
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: A lot of little stuff. The one big there.
Alexander Tran: Was it on the same thread that we were going back and forth on that thread or is it as a separate email?
Ashish Mehta: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The one you were just sending, the one we were exchanging the email on.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Oh, I see here. Okay, cool, cool, safe we're moving all the boxes, right? All that.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah, I think so.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Some of we're trying to get rid of if it gets rid of, if we get it, we get rid of it, but.
Ashish Mehta: I don't think those two chairs that are sitting there in the bar stairs. We're not taking those for sure. I think the best of it is all more or less going unless like I said we were trying to sell everything so anybody buys it.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: That would be it.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Are there any additional boxes inside of the home? Or is the, are these all of the boxes that are, are that we're moving for you?
Ashish Mehta: No, no, we haven't even started the boxes, the kitchen and stuff isn't even started yet.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: These are some of these might just be empty, I mean, I don't know so, I think she just.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: And then you don't need any assistance with packing up the boxes themselves. Right? Do you need our help with that or, okay.
Ashish Mehta: No, we're trying to do that before you get her.
Alexander Tran: Okay, cool. Give me one second.
Ashish Mehta: I saw your code, and I decided we need and take some time off and do it myself.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal.
Alexander Tran: Good deal that would never, never underestimate how much of a difference you can make? Just by handling the packing. Cause packing can easily double sometimes more than that. Okay, so you were you have your eye on the twenty fifth, right?
Ashish Mehta: Yeah.
Alexander Tran: Okay, let me just shift on over cause the hourly rate. It does change depending on the day of the week. There's not really too much of a difference that I would do here. Probably what I would do is maybe just give you a third mover, just to make sure that they stay nice and efficient. Cause they're going to have some disassemble to do there with the, with the, with the washer the dryer in the fridge. And then also the bed frames we're not really disassembling the refrigerators but it does take time to just make sure that we remove the water lines and all that jazz. Let me see.
Alexander Tran: And then the only thing that stands out about your move really is just the drive between locations but I feel like one truck is probably gonna be just fine. Maybe we could schedule out that second day for potential spill over if it does go over that single truck. But I feel like more than likely if we give you three movers and one truck that's probably gonna take care of, like, care of the move. You probably won't meet that second day in which case we'll go ahead and just pull it off the schedule for you if you don't need it. But with three movers you're probably landing in closer to, I would say probably anywhere from like a six to seven hour day, so.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah.
Ashish Mehta: Okay.
Ashish Mehta: Okay.
Alexander Tran: If you're looking at the lower end of that three movers for six hours that's gonna be at 2011, and then if we were a venture a little bit closer to that seven hour territory that would be at 2317. I want to leave there some some wiggle room for you, just in case you know, you have some items that you want to include or in case you do have like a particularly higher volume of boxes from the kitchen. That's where most of the boxes generally come from anyways, anytime clients are packing up boxes, most of it probably upwards a sixty percent for the home is gonna come from just a kitchen alone but I would probably expect this to, to land you anywhere from that six to seven hour mark, so that's like thousand.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah.
Ashish Mehta: So it did go up from 171700 to 2300.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm that's because I have that third mover on there. I can see the two movers potentially like working out for two for eight, but I feel like, if you're looking for like, the most security the most amount of like.
Alexander Tran: The most amount of like, resources that are gonna real this in as much as possible and Landi as close as possible to the estimate. I would prefer to just give you that third mover could be a chance that they actually end up falling closer to that original estimate there. So, let's say yeah, if they, if they end up.
Ashish Mehta: I don't think it'll still take six to seven hours. Look there's an hour drive, at least, so one hour just to drive.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm if they, if they end up, yeah, if they end up falling closer to like let's say a five hour mark that's gonna land you closer to that 1705. Let me see.
Alexander Tran: But with I don't, I just don't want to underestimate the drive and.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah, it's an hour drive minimum.
Alexander Tran: So, I feel like more than likely what you're landing at is closer to that. 2317.
Ashish Mehta: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Again, I don't put it past them to be able to, to, to hit the six hour mark and get you closer to, to two K, maybe even a little bit less than that, but it.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah, that'd be great if you can do two K. That'd be great!
Alexander Tran: Yeah, it that's gonna be associated with us like three hours loading up, I can see it happening, I can see it happening but I prefer to give you an estimate for the top in there. Again, I don't want to underestimate like the disassemble and the appliances. Sometimes it can add time. Sometimes it's very straightforward, you have double doors there, which is very helpful especially with the fridge. But I prefer to just manage expectations for what you may be looking at on the top end there. I think top end probably a little bit closer to that. 2300.
Ashish Mehta: Okay, alright let's schedule twenty fifth then.
Alexander Tran: Okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay. Did you want to have the spill over day? Just on standby in case you need it?
Ashish Mehta: What does that do for me? I mean, I know.
Alexander Tran: So you're not gonna be charged for, for having two days reserved but for example if you end up having like a lot more boxes to where it leads to, to where they Max out the truck. Then you'll have the piece of mind or just know, okay, cool. They can come back tomorrow on a different date to take some of the remaining items. If I need them to and then if you don't need it like more than likely they'll finish up in a single day. You won't need the second day in which case they would just let us know there'll be like, hey, he doesn't need that second day and then we would just pull it off of the schedule and cancel it for you if you don't need it.
Ashish Mehta: Okay. I'm in love. I'll just be honest, look, I have estimates from thousand to now 2000. The only reason I'm using you guys is your reputation and your reliability was very highly recommended so yeah, look, do I guess, I'm gonna go with your brand because that's seems to Pary some weight, some people have used you and they have trusted you through this process, you know, to this whole exercise. So, this is my first one, so.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm.
Ashish Mehta: In a long time. So I assume you guys know what you're talking about. So what, when do they come on Fri? When do they come on twenty fifth?
Alexander Tran: Gotcha.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, I.
Alexander Tran: On the twenty fifth, it would be an arrival time between 8:45 and 9:15, so, they're usually gonna call you around 8:00 AM with the ETA, based on the traffic conditions that they see on the GPS, but 8:45 to 915.
Ashish Mehta: Okay. Okay, and they should just start loading us, I guess they know what they're doing, so they'll know how to start moving things along.
Ashish Mehta: And we'll start loading our cars with whatever we can close et cetera, et cetera. So we can start we can probably start doing that in a day earlier actually.
Alexander Tran: Right.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. Yeah, once they touch down, they would, they would just do a walkthrough with you just to make sure there isn't like a, like any items that you're leaving behind or, or if you wanted to include more items and then they would adjust the estimate. If, you know, if you're leaving items are probably gonna lower it, if you're adding items and they would probably increase it.
Ashish Mehta: Alright.
Ashish Mehta: Yeah. Look, I don't, I mean you've seen everything now. I mean, we that's all we got.
Alexander Tran: Mm-hmm.
Alexander Tran: Yeah, honestly you're, I feel like you're going to be fine with, with just the three movers for the seven hours on one truck. I'll give you that potential spill over day just so I'm doing like, best practices there just in case cause you never really know whenever it comes to moving. If something comes up that could cause a delay or something of that nature. Again. Not very likely that you're gonna end up needing it but I would prefer to just make sure that you have it and you don't ultimately need it rather than the other way around.
Ashish Mehta: Okay. I mean if they move the big stuff, I mean I probably won't need movers for anything the next day to be very honest, if they get all the big stuff and then I can carry everything else afterwards if I need to. Hoping I don't have to but I'm assuming they'll do what they need to do.
Alexander Tran: Okay, okay.
Alexander Tran: Okay, no problem.
Alexander Tran: Yes, sir. Okay, good deal. So I'll go ahead and just send over a confirmation email your way. You don't have to reply to it unless, unless you want to ask a question or, or make any updates. But yeah, you can rest assured you fully intend on arriving on the twenty fifth there, the twenty sixth more than likely, we probably won't need it but we do have that just on standby in case you do want it.
Ashish Mehta: Alright.
Ashish Mehta: Okay. Alright, thanks. See you.
Alexander Tran: Okay, good deal. Alright, in the meantime she's, if anything comes up you feel free to reach back out to me. My name and number is going to be attached to that confirmation email.
Ashish Mehta: Alright, thanks. See you bye.
Alexander Tran: Okay, thank you. Bye.
Alexander Tran: Bye.
