Rep: Amy Arbasa
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4620145675411456
Duration: 6.3 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 15:22 CT
Speakers: Ahmad Kamel, Amy Arbasa

---TRANSCRIPT---

Amy Arbasa: Good morning this is Amy. How can I help you?
Ahmad Kamel: Good morning.
Amy Arbasa: Hello, good morning.
Ahmad Kamel: My name is aim. I did talk to sell I guess in may. It will be like total so.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, yeah, Juwel mm-hmm.
Ahmad Kamel: Okay, so if you look up my information, maybe look up my number 915-228-8389 meca.
Amy Arbasa: Sorry I need your email address that.
Ahmad Kamel: Oh, my email address, so.
Ahmad Kamel: It is A. As apple, H. As in Henry, M. As Michael, A. As apple, D. As Donald.hasin, Henry.kaskender, A. As apple, M. As Michael E, as echo, L. As Linda @hotmail.com so it is ama.h.came. @hotmail.com.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, thank you. Just a moment, second.
Amy Arbasa: Alright, I found your profile here. Just to confirm the pickup location is 4530 tous trail drive in Sugarland and you're moving to 968 person garden in San antonio, is that still correct?
Ahmad Kamel: Yes, there's a change in the destination. So, it is still San antonio but it is a different zip code. It is, 78258.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Amy Arbasa: 78258 okay. Do you have, don't you have the exact address? Just the zip code for now. Okay, yes, please. No.
Ahmad Kamel: I do now. I do. So, it is 23.
Ahmad Kamel: Okay, it says, a 23626 misty peak, San antonio.
Amy Arbasa: Misty Pete manager.
Ahmad Kamel: Misty, yes.
Amy Arbasa: Yeah, M-I-S-T-Y, got it. Alright 78258 okay and then what about your dates. When is your new move date?
Ahmad Kamel: So, this is why I'm calling, so, I plan to move this week but now, I got changes, I got rid of money stuff inside the house. So, I want to work with you like, maybe over the call, where we do some major inventory of what I have. Then I need an update the quote to make sure shows that I'm comparing this apples to apples with the other provider. I like the high, higher reviews that's and have.
Amy Arbasa: Oh.
Ahmad Kamel: So I'm interested to go with it. Would, would you, but yeah the price. Also last time when they give me the price it was on scenarios full back in four bedroom. But now so is that something possible where we, I tell you what I have as, as furniture as the stuff to be moved and then you update your quote.
Amy Arbasa: Yeah, sure, sure or if you have the list, you can send it over via email if that works.
Ahmad Kamel: I don't, I don't. So I plan to just go room by room and tell you what I have.
Amy Arbasa: Okay. Sure, sure. Just give me one sec. I'll take note of the of your inventory here and then Joel is out of the office today. He'll be back tomorrow morning. I'll pass along the message so he can give you an updated estimate.
Ahmad Kamel: Okay.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm but yeah, let's start with the inventory whenever you're ready.
Ahmad Kamel: So you will record like a note or do you have a system? Where do you tell what you, what I have?
Amy Arbasa: I will take note, just, just tell me what are your, what's your in updated inventory list?
Ahmad Kamel: Okay, and here we are talking about what do you call an install, an as sample the simple then wrap move and install, right.
Amy Arbasa: Mm-hmm.
Ahmad Kamel: Okay. So first I have TV 65 inches.
Ahmad Kamel: Good there.
Ahmad Kamel: Hello.
Ahmad Kamel: I cannot hear you.
Ahmad Kamel: Hello.
Ahmad Kamel: Hello.
Ahmad Kamel: Hello.
Ahmad Kamel: Hello.
