Rep: Amy Arbasa
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5365820180602880
Duration: 5.7 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 16:36 CT
Speakers: Amy Arbasa, Charles Foster

---TRANSCRIPT---

Amy Arbasa: Hello good afternoon my name is Amy and I'm with ends moving I'm looking for Charles.
Charles Foster: I think.
Amy Arbasa: Oh, good. How are you doing today?
Charles Foster: Good, how are you?
Amy Arbasa: Doing well, thank you so much for asking. I'm just calling to confirm the datas that we have. We received your booking via our website for August 31st let me just confirm the details that we have here. So first stop one Herman circle drive which is a one bedroom apartment on the second floor with elevator access. For reference what is your current in new apartment number?
Charles Foster: Let's see. So my current is 2022.
Charles Foster: And mine one is 4117.
Amy Arbasa: 411, it looks like you're moving within the same apartment complex from 10921699 Herman, is that correct?
Charles Foster: Yeah, it's like, it's like a ten of a midway.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, thank you. Do we have any additional stop or location to go to?
Charles Foster: No.
Amy Arbasa: And the, do you need help packing your boxes? Would you have them ready to go?
Charles Foster: No, they're going to be ready to go.
Amy Arbasa: Could you please walk me through your inventory list even just the major items?
Charles Foster: Yeah, so I have a larger sectional, it's a U. shape sectional I have two televisions, I have a bed, I have a set of dresser drawers, one bookshelf and a smaller entertain center. That's like the main, the main stock and then twelve large boxes.
Amy Arbasa: Are we taking the kitchen or dining furniture? Washer/Dryer fridge.
Charles Foster: No, no, no, that.
Amy Arbasa: Do you have a balcony garage or storage area?
Charles Foster: I do but nothing to, to re.
Amy Arbasa: Just to confirm nothing super having like a gun safe agent equipment or an arm war piano I think.
Charles Foster: No.
Charles Foster: No, nothing like that.
Amy Arbasa: And then for your boxes, is that, it the twelve large boxes or would there be smaller or medium boxes as well?
Charles Foster: It's just gonna be there large boxes.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, and just to confirm your current apartment is 1200 square footage and you're moving to a 1500 square foot.
Charles Foster: That's right.
Amy Arbasa: But it's not like a full fully furnished apartment that we're taking cause usually 1200 square foot house or apartment rather, apartment, sometimes it would need six, it would take six to eight hours to complete, but with the inventory that we talked about it like a standard one bedroom plus the, you know, the large sectional couch. Did I get that right?
Charles Foster: Yeah, that's right, yeah, I don't like the last time they move my stuff, yeah, I think gets there like two hours.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, okay.
Amy Arbasa: Alright. I think I got all the just that I need and then of course, there's an elevator going to the fourth floor new apartment. Alright, let me walk you through basic pricing. So if you have any questions, just let me know. So we charge hourly grade on August 31st, which is a Monday. The hourly rate is $192.192 that is per hour with universal already and it's an all inclusive our dealing. Although there's still drive, Tim involved. I mean there's a short drive time involved. Our movers will have a 26 foot box truck will bring moving blankets, shink wrap bands do the tools for any disassemble or reassembly that needs to be done this also in.
Charles Foster: Sure.
Charles Foster: Okay.
Amy Arbasa: Includes taxes insurance and the gas. So it is an all inclusive hourly Rae. The best part here no additional fees of anytime your move is within our free service. So, so there's no travel fee involved, no credit card fees, no stairwell, no disassemble or reassembly fees. We just have a two and a half hour minimum. And Charles, if you go beyond the minimum then we'll prorate the time in every fifteen minute increments. In that way you only pay for the actual time that you use, you're not go with the estimate, do you have any questions about it?
Charles Foster: Okay. No, that sounds good.
Amy Arbasa: Okay, so now for your move, we're going to allocate three, up to three hours and 45 minutes just in case needed the budget for that is $720. But then again the more prepared you are less than the move will take. So more money you get these.
Charles Foster: Okay, fair enough.
Amy Arbasa: Okeydoke. Alright, so that's it. No, the process required. So basically we're good to go. We're estimated time of arrival is around 8:30 to nine movers will give you a call once they're on the way and we will reach out to you two or three days before the actual move date just to check-in. One last time, that we're all, you know, we're all set, good to go for the but you can always reach out to us if you need anything.
Charles Foster: Sounds great.
Charles Foster: Okay, fair enough. No, thank you very much. You too, bye.
Amy Arbasa: Okeydokey, thank you, have a great weekend. Bye-bye.
