Rep: Arden Asilo
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5989334155730944
Duration: 14.4 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 17:08 CT
Speakers: Arden Asilo, Chelsea Moore

---TRANSCRIPT---

Chelsea Moore: This is Chelsea.
Arden Asilo: Hi ma'am, good afternoon Arden here from Einstein moving, how are you doing today?
Chelsea Moore: I'm fine.
Arden Asilo: I'm happy to hear that ma'am. This is just regarding the that you put in a good time to talk to you about your move.
Chelsea Moore: No.
Chelsea Moore: Yes.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you so much. So you requested, your requested date is Saturday the 25th of July, is that correct, ma'am?
Chelsea Moore: Yes.
Arden Asilo: Okay. So we're moving you out of a two bedroom condo that is 1350. Square foot in 604, north block drive in Austin. What's the unit? What's the conda unit number ma'am?
Chelsea Moore: Oh.
Chelsea Moore: You too, bye.
Arden Asilo: 225. Okay. Now are we going to move items from other spaces? Like garage balcony outside pay furniture or maybe an outside store unit within the building.
Chelsea Moore: The garage is attached so there may be from my garage. But the easiest of your problem.
Arden Asilo: Okay, okay.
Arden Asilo: No problem ma'am how, what are the items that we're going to be moving in the garage ma'am? So that at, at least I can adjust the estimate accordingly.
Chelsea Moore: It's just normal a.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Are those inboxes?
Chelsea Moore: I'll, I was like half of my stuff box but it's probably going to be a mix, so, I would say like, probably I'll need help with like ten boxes.
Arden Asilo: Okay, sorry, from the garage or in total for the whole condo.
Chelsea Moore: Just for the whole condo, the garage is the media place to access. So, it's just like the same as everything else. There's nothing big. It's just normal, good.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Thank you ma'am. Just to double-check shelvings in the garage or no. Extra heavy or large equipment, like workout equipment, safe a piano.
Chelsea Moore: Correct.
Arden Asilo: Car.
Chelsea Moore: Correct.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you. Now we are moving it from the first floor. Is that correct? The contra is on the first floor.
Chelsea Moore: The condo has three levels and you're gonna start on the first floor.
Arden Asilo: Okay, give me one second. So it's like a town home that is three stories. Okay, the first floor is the garage and then the second floor and the third floor are the living spaces.
Chelsea Moore: Yeah.
Chelsea Moore: Yeah.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you ma'am. Now let's talk about the items that we're going to be moving for you that would require extra time and care for the move, ma'am. Number one, anything extra heavy or large like a workout equipment, a safe piano or anything like that.
Chelsea Moore: A couch.
Arden Asilo: Okay, that's what else, ma'am?
Chelsea Moore: A chair a bed, another bed, two beds.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Chelsea Moore: Does probably some drawers?
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Chelsea Moore: That's, yeah, and the tables aren't super heavy.
Arden Asilo: Okay. How about any appliances, like TV fridge Washer/Dryer?
Chelsea Moore: TV.
Arden Asilo: How many t.v.s ma'am, and what other sizes?
Chelsea Moore: It's.
Chelsea Moore: It's just light. T.v.s I don't know, probably fifty inch or less.
Arden Asilo: Is it okay, thank you ma'am. How about fridge? Washer/Dryer deep freezers mini fridge, thank you. How about anything fragile or valuable? Like arts, anti collections and Loos.
Chelsea Moore: No, no, no.
Chelsea Moore: Not necessarily.
Arden Asilo: Thank you. And once again around ten boxes in total for the whole townhome or condo.
Chelsea Moore: Ten boxes that I want help boxing up but otherwise I'll have everything else boxed.
Arden Asilo: Okay, meaning to say help boxing up you want help in putting your all your small miscellaneous items into boxes, correct? Ma'am?
Chelsea Moore: Yeah, I want to understand how much that costs.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Well, good thing ma'am we don't charge anything extra for packing your items. You can, we can help you pack as many and as small as you want you will, will still charge you for the same hourly rate. Just, you're just gonna charge you for the actual packing supplies. Used. Say boxes, shrink wraps and bubble bubble wraps for it. Now, which area do you want, do you need help ma'am? So, I can allow an extra time for that.
Chelsea Moore: Is it?
Chelsea Moore: Got it.
Chelsea Moore: Okay.
Chelsea Moore: What area do I need time to box up?
Arden Asilo: No ma'am. What which area do you want help to pack? Like is it the kitchen, the garage, the bedrooms so that I can put it here? Okay.
Chelsea Moore: Probably the kitchen. Let's just go with the kitchen.
Arden Asilo: Kitchen.
Arden Asilo: Packing. Alright if it's just the kitchen that you need help. And give me one second ma'am, if it's the kitchen that you need help packing, ma'am that might only take around one and a half to two hours. Okay. And an estimated cost of around $180 to $100 for the packing supplies.
Chelsea Moore: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you so much. Now we're moving, you also mentioned an additional stop so from the town home or the condo, are we going straight to the house or and then another stop or there's gonna be a stop in between.
Chelsea Moore: Storage unit.
Arden Asilo: Okay, before the house.
Chelsea Moore: Or after whatever you want.
Arden Asilo: You're the one ma'am. You're whatever you feel like would, would want us.
Chelsea Moore: Well, it's, it doesn't matter to me. It's like, however you want to pack it. It makes it's more like a logical thing if you want the heavy, I don't know the rules, but the heavier things are going to go to the house, and then they're gonna be smaller boxes that go to storage doesn't, doesn't matter.
Arden Asilo: I see.
Arden Asilo: Oh, okay, then we can do the storage unit after unloading everything into the house. Okay, now let's talk about the house first now one second.
Chelsea Moore: Okay, yup.
Arden Asilo: Now we're unloading your things in into 9412 Sanford drive, Austin which is a one story house. How many bedrooms this house, Ma, please?
Chelsea Moore: Three bedrooms.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Are we going to unload items into your garage? Also a backyard? Outside patio or an outside shed in this area or everything will go straight to the house.
Chelsea Moore: Most of the things are in the house, I'm sure that there will be a some things that don't fit. So I need to upload in the garage at times.
Arden Asilo: Okay, and.
Arden Asilo: Okay ma'am. Now can we park in front of the garage in the, in the driveway of this house?
Chelsea Moore: Yes.
Arden Asilo: No, parking restrictions like low hanging cheese and pave driveway slop.
Chelsea Moore: They're just slope, there's a normal driveway slope.
Arden Asilo: Okay, thank you ma'am, alright and I think I'm all good ma'am do you think he can tell me what are we going to unload in the house so at least I can adjust or I mean adjust, estimate accordingly.
Chelsea Moore: The couch, the chair this like the, probably like five tables and maybe the dressers in the bed and the two beds.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm okay, five.
Arden Asilo: Beds. Okay.
Chelsea Moore: And yeah, in the boxes. Yeah, for sure, for sure. Yeah.
Arden Asilo: How about boxes? The boxes? Okay.
Arden Asilo: Thank you then, I think I am all good with the house. Now. May I have the address of the sort unit ma'am?
Chelsea Moore: I don't know it yet, we haven't decided on exactly where but.
Arden Asilo: How about, no problem. How about a zip code we can also work with a zip code for the meantime. So that we can at least put in here. That there's gonna be an additional stop once you've already accu acquired the complete address, we can just change it later on.
Chelsea Moore: It's probably the same as the house.
Arden Asilo: Okay. 78748 okay, and do you already have, have you already decided what's the size of the storage unit you're getting?
Chelsea Moore: No, probably ten by time but we got to figure all the things out.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Oh.
Arden Asilo: Okay, ma'am. No problem. Okay, now I'm just gonna add a little extra time for the storage unit unloading of items. Okay, now once you already have the details or the address of the storage unit you can just give us a call so we can update it accordingly and or have you all you have you decided, what are the items that we're going to be unloading in the storage unit that will also help them.
Chelsea Moore: Mostly boxes maybe a few tables?
Arden Asilo: Okay, unload boxes. Okay, one second.
Arden Asilo: Okay, then, I think I am all good with everything. So ma'am, before I go over pricing structure and estimate, do you have any questions any clarifications regarding the moving process in general?
Chelsea Moore: I just wanted to note that the couch likely cannot go down the stairs because it's tight I know that everything else can be dismantled in a way that goes on the stairs but the couch when I got it come through the balcony on the second floor so I would just note that for like complexity.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm.
Arden Asilo: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Mm-hmm. Oh, okay.
Arden Asilo: Oh, okay, what.
Arden Asilo: Okay, wait one second. Couch cannot fit in the stairs, has to go through the balcony. Okay. Thank you for letting me know ma'am. So, I can inform the movers as well and put a little extra time for that.
Chelsea Moore: Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay.
Arden Asilo: Buy.
Arden Asilo: Okay, then. I am all good with everything ma'am. So before I go over the, my estimate, do you have any questions, any clarifications any moving stressors in general so, I can answer them for you.
Chelsea Moore: No.
Arden Asilo: Alright, so, let me explain how pricing works, ma'am. It's super simple. We charge an hourly rate of $222 per hour for two movers and we provide a 26 foot box check with everything that's needed. Everything is already included in that hourly rate gas trucks taxes, insurance, all wraps, pads and bans to protect the items and being moved. Even the tools for disassemble and reassembly. A. Furniture and appliances. Okay, the only thing outside the hourly rate is a $100 packing supply cost. Since you requested for partial packing of your kitchen items, but other than that, there will be no hidden fees, no credit card fees, no stairwell fees, no transportation fees, no additional stop fees, and no disassemble or reassembly fees. Okay. And the best part with Einstein moving that you're also gonna get through this moon is number one.
Arden Asilo: Already included in your hourly rate is a free evaluation coverage that gives you up to $2,000 peace of mind. So you can file a claim for repair, replacement or reimbursement for any accidental damage that might happen so that you can file a claim for any mishaps that might happen during the move. Number two, our movers are not daily contracted workers. They're one of the best and they are professionally trained. So prior to the move, prior to the move you're gonna receive an email if your movers are helping east tension of changers arriving at your front door and we have an on, we also have an on time guarantee. So if the movers come late you start to get discount on your final bill sounds fair.
Chelsea Moore: Yeah, I used you guys before.
Arden Asilo: Okay. Oh, okay, that's why. So the way our clock work ma'am is very simple. Thank you for being a repeat customer. The time will only start as soon as we get on site and open the contract and then you have us for as long as you need us for any move. It's a two and a half hour minimum. Once we go over the minimum the time will be para in fifteen minutes. Increment, does that all make sense?
Chelsea Moore: Sure, you're gonna email me though, right?
Arden Asilo: Alright.
Arden Asilo: Yes ma'am. I'm gonna email you everything. So for your personalized estimate ma'am, typically 1350 townhome usually takes two movers between five to seven hours to completely move-in your case. Since we're moving you from a three story town home with a special item to take extra time and care off because it won't be able to fit in your stairs and you requested partial packing of your kitchen into unloading things into a one story house and doing additional stuff into a storage unit. To unload few boxes. I'm estimating the move to take approximately around seven and a half to eight hours. So it's good to budget around $1,876 for the move. Now, keep in mind miss Chelsea, this is just an estimate based on the details that we have discussed and ultimately on move day, you only pay for the actual time use. So, if the move goes faster than expected which always import in which nine sign is proud of then of course you pay less.
Chelsea Moore: Okay.
Arden Asilo: And I can also go ahead and book you for Saturday 25th of July no deposit required. There's gonna be any rescheduling needed that will be free of cost as well.
Chelsea Moore: Sounds good.
Arden Asilo: Alright ma'am the team will come between 8:30 to 9:00 is okay for you.
Chelsea Moore: Yeah.
Arden Asilo: Alright and this will be safe for miss Chelsea. More 405-226-5978 email is Chelsea.Marie.more @gmail.com correct ma'am? Alright, ma'am once you have the details or what. Once you have acquired the details of the storage unit or the complete address please just give us a ring or an email or a text message so we can update it on your profile. So at least the movers will know that exact address, okay?
Chelsea Moore: That's correct.
Chelsea Moore: Okay.
Arden Asilo: Alright ma'am, for the meantime, enjoy your weekend. Thank you for answering this call. You're all good. Once again my name is Arden, thank you for being the best part of Einstein moving.
Chelsea Moore: Alright, thank you.
Arden Asilo: You're welcome ma'am. Stay safe. Happy weekend ma'am. Bye-bye.
Chelsea Moore: Bye.
