Rep: Calvin Hughes
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4571063183417344
Duration: 9.5 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 17:34 CT
Speakers: Andrea Ariel, Calvin Hughes

---TRANSCRIPT---

Andrea Ariel: Hey, this is co.
Calvin Hughes: Hey Collin, this is Calvin at Einstein moving, how are you doing today?
Andrea Ariel: I'm good Calvin, how are you? I got a, a message from Nick.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah, he reached out, he's on the phone right now but I'm in. Yeah, I'm in the same office with him but yeah, I was giving you a call I'm looking at this email too and I guess, yeah, the initial estimate would have been like seven hours which would have been based on the current location but quite a bit of downsizing. How many bedrooms is the new location too? Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Two, it's two and there's, there's one, there's, there's one bedroom in the current house.
Calvin Hughes: That we're moving out.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah.
Calvin Hughes: Okay, so we're not moving out the other two rooms, or is it? Well, it's 1700 square feet.
Andrea Ariel: What? I, it's, yeah, it's a weird ranch style house that has a lot of rooms but technically only one of the bedroom that we're moving from.
Calvin Hughes: And then so we've got like bed stuff like that. And then are we moving like an office or any like, I guess we've got kitchen and dining room as well as maybe out and stuff. Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, we got kitchen, dining room couple of couches, a dinero table and then her office is in the living room and it's, got a, a desk and and an office chair. She is a published author and pardon my friends. But she has a sh, ton of books dude like booking books, books, books, books and a lot of art as well on the wall.
Calvin Hughes: Okay.
Calvin Hughes: Okay.
Calvin Hughes: How many book boxes do you think there will be overall like, you know, 5030.
Andrea Ariel: If I had to pick a number, I'd say probably thirty.
Calvin Hughes: Okay and then so probably overall we're looking at like maybe fifty or sixty ish boxes over, I mean, that matches with you know, that matches with what we usually see for a house status size looks like good access at both locations. And then as far as our work I mean, that a little bit I'm consuming just prepping and whatnot but the, I guess, the walls are pretty filled with like artwork and stuff.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, I think that's something.
Andrea Ariel: Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Mm-hmm.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, the walls are there's pretty, it's pretty packed with with art for sure. Yeah.
Calvin Hughes: Alright.
Calvin Hughes: Thanks, bye. Sure.
Calvin Hughes: As far as like anything like a piano or you know safe or anything like that out of the ordinary.
Andrea Ariel: Nope. Nope, I'm trying to think if there's anything out of the ordinary. Nothing, no safe. No piano, nothing extraordinarily heavy either.
Calvin Hughes: Mm-hmm.
Calvin Hughes: Gotcha. Yeah, I mean, it would be a two man crew that hourly rate would be $206 if we were, yeah, Monday August 10th that would be the hourly rate and it is all inclusive. So, there's no trip fees or taxes. You know, we'll pad and wrap everything and everything's insured, disassemble reassembly. Included. And then after, our two and a half hour minimum. We do just bill in fifteen minute increments until the move is completed. So you do just pay for time use. But honestly, actually with like the books, book boxes and all the artwork on the walls, you know, living room, bedroom doesn't seem like it'll be as much furniture as a typical 1700 square foot house but more book boxes and maybe extra artwork. So I would probably put you in maybe that five to seven hour range, so on the lower end, yeah, we'd be looking at more like $1,030 and then the higher end would be that original kind of estimate, you did receive.
Andrea Ariel: Okay, yeah, that sounds, that feels right, Calvin. It seems like this because it's such a short distance that this could be a piece of cake for you all and be able to be done in like four or five hours with, with experience movers. Particularly if we're, if we're exquisitely prepared which is what I'm trying to make happen. Now when you say the art wrapped in stack, does that mean we can just leave the yard on the walls and then you guys just take care of it. We thought we had to get that all.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah, I mean, it does help if you do have it like, boxed or prepped or everything that the, that is like something that does add time just cause, yeah, we would, we have our movers blankets and like pad Meach, individual art piece and then we use these like large open boxes to, to yeah.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, I still think with experience movers I think that would, that would help my mom's prep a lot. If, you know, she wasn't having to prepare all the art to move if nothing else she could take it down and have it stocked and ready to go. But that.
Calvin Hughes: Okay.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah, either way, I mean, we're happy to take care of it but yeah, I would think you'd be in maybe that 5:00 to six hour range and, and again you that you only pay for the time that's actually used and we don't start the clock till we actually get there.
Andrea Ariel: So.
Andrea Ariel: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Is there, I just have to ask, I did the same estimate thing with two guys and it came, came back I think based upon that five hour thing but you know, we have a relationship since you guys are advertising and my wife stance company and stuff. So I definitely want to go with Einstein. But is there, there's any no senior citizen AARP or this guy, it seems really reasonable, I, I'll be really honest with you, she's concerned about well, she's lived in this house for twenty years with no lease and the woman that was her friend died and now the son who inherited everything is not, is not really dealing with the inheritance very well and he's like telling everybody to move out. He's gonna sell all his real estate, right? So now all of a sudden she doesn't really have any right there and, and doesn't have the resources to certainly afford a monthly mortgage why am I telling you all this, oh, just be just that and she's moving to the Houseright next door from where I'm calling you right now. Oh, I know what I was gonna say, so she was worried about money and, and we were thinking.
Calvin Hughes: Mm-hmm.
Calvin Hughes: Mm-hmm.
Calvin Hughes: Gotcha.
Andrea Ariel: That we were, she's got all these friends in the neighborhood to all offer to bring their truck over. And, and my son and I were conspiring to do it ourselves. But this, the pain threshold for me was about $1,500. Right? And it, I think we got a good shot at getting in, getting in it more like $1,200 on this. And so I advised your last, yeah, yeah, I advised her last night to not do this to her family friends, you know what I mean and I think she's going for it and if I tell her that I talked to you and that really, that online estimate is, is, is potentially on the high side, you know it is particularly if we're very prepared.
Calvin Hughes: Mm-hmm.
Calvin Hughes: That's what I would ask to me actually.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah, yeah.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah. What I can do is I can email over this estimate. The one I, we kinda just talked about cause yeah. I won't estimate as, as I would do probably a five to six range and I can send you over this estimate via email. So you have that it'll have like some other things just like what all is provided in the rate and, and stuff like that. So then, yeah, you could read review that with her and really all we need is like the thumbs up to, to get it booked.
Andrea Ariel: Mm-hmm.
Andrea Ariel: Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Okay.
Andrea Ariel: Okay. Okay. We'll probably make a decision about this on Monday but I, it's been a, it's been a pleasant surprise. I guess it's because it's so freaking close dude. That it's not even, that's why it's so affordable, right? It's just like, I mean, and, and part I've moved.
Calvin Hughes: Okay, perfect.
Calvin Hughes: Yeah, local moves definitely we just, yeah, we just don't have any other fees or anything like that. So it just kind of is an hourly rate that's pretty fair and then you know, we bill in the fifteen minute increment. So I think it all all makes sense for, for people.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, yeah.
Andrea Ariel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I've done a move like four blocks away myself, and it totally sucks cause he never stopped, you know, what I mean? You keep going back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth there's no like, oh, god, we're gonna drive for an hour and let's go get lunch or any of that stuff, it's like, it's just constant DIY he to do it that way. So I'm really attracted to this option but alright, yeah, send me that new estimate over I will talk to her this weekend and we'll get in, get into it with you on Monday morning, how's that?
Calvin Hughes: Mm-hmm.
Calvin Hughes: Okay.
Calvin Hughes: Sounds great. Thanks calling and have a great weekend. See you.
Andrea Ariel: You too, talk to you later bye.
