Rep: Cameron Klepac
Branch: Leander Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5455696854982656
Duration: 10.7 min
Datetime: 2026-07-08 21:37 CT
Speakers: Cameron Klepac, Lerma Felipe

---TRANSCRIPT---

Cameron Klepac: Good afternoon, this is Cameron with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
Lerma Felipe: Hi, hello, my name is Carlos I just received a phone call for Donna to do the.
Lerma Felipe: The kickoff call.
Cameron Klepac: Oh, yeah, I can pull up your profile who knows that for me.
Lerma Felipe: Yes, let me just.
Lerma Felipe: Can you hear me?
Cameron Klepac: Yes sir. Just let me pull up your profile real quick.
Lerma Felipe: Hello.
Lerma Felipe: Yes.
Lerma Felipe: Sorry, I'm having a little issues with my phone. Can you hear me?
Cameron Klepac: Yes, I can hear you just fine.
Lerma Felipe: Oh, nice okay. So what was your first? Sorry.
Cameron Klepac: What name when your profile be under?
Lerma Felipe: Yes, it's gonna be under Carlos, Lerma.
Cameron Klepac: And up right here, and what day were you looking to move?
Lerma Felipe: We August 14th.
Cameron Klepac: Fourteen.
Cameron Klepac: Appointment test. I line.
Cameron Klepac: Just give me one second here.
Lerma Felipe: Yes.
Cameron Klepac: Like, okay, like that. So they, so you go lo. Oh, dude.
Cameron Klepac: Yeah, yeah.
Cameron Klepac: Please.
Cameron Klepac: You said this is August 14th, correct?
Lerma Felipe: Yes.
Cameron Klepac: Where is your book at all-time so you can get it signed?
Cameron Klepac: Mm-hmm do you.
Cameron Klepac: Alrighty, I found you right here. Just confirm some details about your, looks like we commit from 21 Shea Street in Houston, Texas, correct?
Lerma Felipe: Mm-hmm.
Lerma Felipe: That's correct.
Cameron Klepac: Okay, and then we have you going out to 5201 memorial drive, correct?
Lerma Felipe: Yes.
Cameron Klepac: Alright.
Cameron Klepac: Looks like your first location is gonna have is gonna be on the fourth floor with elevator access. Is that gonna be in loading dock?
Lerma Felipe: No, actually, it's a regular elevator and also we have.
Cameron Klepac: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: No problem.
Lerma Felipe: Mm-hmm.
Cameron Klepac: As far as the furniture coming out of here is they're going to be anything particularly happy we be concerned about like any workout equipment, gun safe anything like that.
Lerma Felipe: No.
Cameron Klepac: Would appliances any fridge Washer/Dryer.
Lerma Felipe: No, those are from the apartment. So we're not gonna take anything.
Cameron Klepac: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: Any, anything fragile that you worried about like some artwork or antique furniture.
Lerma Felipe: No, not really.
Cameron Klepac: Did you happen to have an estimated amount of boxes coming with us?
Lerma Felipe: So right now I'm not sure maybe like tenth.
Cameron Klepac: Okay.
Lerma Felipe: And then it's gonna be like a like the dress and everything and like payments the being size I think that one is gonna be the biggest one or the heavies.
Cameron Klepac: Okay, no problem.
Cameron Klepac: Can I get a unit number for that first location?
Lerma Felipe: Yes, it's gonna be unit 407.
Cameron Klepac: Seven, got it.
Cameron Klepac: And then we'll be going straight to that unload, correct? Not making any additional stops.
Lerma Felipe: No, Neo Street.
Cameron Klepac: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: And then can I get a unit number for a second location now?
Lerma Felipe: It's gonna be 610.
Cameron Klepac: Extent.
Lerma Felipe: Uh-huh.
Cameron Klepac: Do you know if this location has a loading dock for a truck?
Lerma Felipe: Yes, they do.
Cameron Klepac: Did do perfect.
Cameron Klepac: Alrighty. I believe have your estimate built up for you, I'll go ahead and run you through the pressing structure. The perks that come with moving with us and then I'll run you through our scheduling works and all that good stuff. Alrighty, so for a standard two mover team we're going to have an hourly rate of $200 per hour and everything's going to be in included inside of that $200 hourly rate there's not gonna be a, a dollar more, you're not gonna see any there's no taxes, no insurance costs, no no fuel or trucks fees, no no stair fees or disassemble fees or credit card process fees. Absolutely nothing, just a really rates why you're gonna be seeing from us.
Lerma Felipe: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: Now we do set aside $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse for any external damages. As well as we do not use any, any daily contracted labor. So all of our employees are full-time timesi employees. So all of our movers are been, be fully covered under our insurance as well as we obviously spend a lot of time training inventing guys up now we also have an on time guarantee. So if we cannot make it inside of the time window that we arrange we automatically start discounting money off of your move mm-hmm. And we also be me your movers feature. So a couple of days before your move you receiving an email with a picture and bio of your movers that we don't you know completely find your show up to your door.
Lerma Felipe: Welcome.
Lerma Felipe: Mm-hmm.
Cameron Klepac: And I think that's the thing I want to cover with that and as far as how the clock works, we do have a two and a half hour minimum but I, this job and go over everything after that. Two and a half hour minimum is going to be prorated into fifteen minute increments so you don't only actually pay for the amount of time you use and then you remove, we Essent down to the near fifteen minute increment charge you for that. And the clock starts whenever we actually get on site and open up the contract you're not being billed for the amount of time it takes us to get from our yards to your house or at the end or, you know, for us to get to back toy, your time runs from the start of the move to the end of the move, once all your items are in your last into the second location and our movies are ready to get on out of there that's when the lead mover would go ahead and collect payment.
Lerma Felipe: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: And as far as how our scheduling works, we don't require any deposit nor is there any cancellation fee or any kind of fee if you need to get moved around the schedule as well. As long as your availability on another day, then we can move you around at anytime. So it's sip. I would allocate about four hours for it because the elevator situation and both apartments, I, I'd like to allocate about two hours for the load open as well as two hours for the unload. Yeah, they bring us to grand total four hours, and at that four hours to the 200 hourly rate that would bring you to $800.
Lerma Felipe: Okay.
Lerma Felipe: Okay.
Cameron Klepac: And then obviously there's gonna be a lot of factors that come and trying to determine a link to move like this but the biggest one is gonna be just how we prepared to our for us and we get there. Just what I mean by that is our movers are gonna be by far the most efficient and the fastest whenever they're carrying the big heavy items of the boxes but they really start to slow down where we see a time start to accumulate as when they get down to the smaller items and the more like.
Cameron Klepac: Time I would definitely make sure that you do a good job. It's as many items as account in the boxes or you have some smaller outer items. If you could take them yourself in your own vehicle they definitely have the time down. Is there anything you'd like me to clarify on or reiterate. I know I kinda just threw a whole lot of information at you.
Lerma Felipe: Okay.
Lerma Felipe: No. Actually, I agree with everything that you said.
Cameron Klepac: All good. Would you like me to move you on to the schedule?
Lerma Felipe: Yes.
Cameron Klepac: Alright, I'll get you moved on now. I'll go ahead and send you over a confirmation email and if you have any questions, come to concerns. I believe we're all set and good to go on our end.
Lerma Felipe: Alright, thank you so much.
Cameron Klepac: Mm-hmm yes sir, no problem. Anything comes up, just let us know.
Lerma Felipe: Alright, thank you. Thank you.
Cameron Klepac: Mm-hmm hope you have a wonderful day.
Lerma Felipe: Mm-hmm. You too. Bye-bye.
Cameron Klepac: Bye-bye.
