Rep: Chris Beattie
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6582720638164992
Duration: 12.0 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 16:56 CT
Speakers: Chris Beattie, Monte Brown / Rylie Brown

---TRANSCRIPT---

Chris Beattie: Hi, is this Chris?
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Hi, my name is Monty brown. I called yesterday and a manager was supposed to return my call and no one has yet. So I was just following up.
Chris Beattie: Okay. Yeah, you have a, you move with us a couple of days ago for Riley?
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Yeah.
Chris Beattie: Okay yeah, I apologize that no one reach back. I can talk to you my name is Chris. I'm the branch manager.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Hey Chris, how are you today?
Chris Beattie: I'm doing great. How are you?
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Good, I am Riley's mom and all of the one who paid for the move. They moved from one apartment, uptown Dallas to another apartment and it was two girls, two bedrooms, you know, pretty easy move. We were quoted, I think right at $1,000 and it ended up being $1,750 and they started around 8:30 and didn't leave until 6:30.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: I just didn't know if there was anything we can do about that because that's way more than I thought I would be paying for such an easy move and one of the men was basically useless, he unassembled a bed and assemble the bed and pretty much that timeframe and the other guy did everything unloaded the truck move things in my daughter and I and her roommate we're helping unpack and move to speed this along.
Chris Beattie: Okay. Yeah, I talked to.
Chris Beattie: Pusher I talked to I mean I don't know if I don't know if I would call him useless but he definitely spend more time on the bed and he should have and I was meaning to call you. Give you back a callback to. So, I'm so glad you called. So I'm certainly happy to work with you on the total cost because Cameron who was doing the bed he is newer obviously we have to sing, we have to train guys up Josh who you liked is one of our more tenured guys it sounds like he should have handled that a little differently as far as helped him with the bad or done himself and just done it in a different order you definitely should never have to help yourself where there to complete the move just two of them and they didn't handle the whole just the general operations, especially at the second location as well as they could have and should have so I definitely apologize about that.
Chris Beattie: I do understand the frustration especially if it's taking a long time doing a bed when he's not is trying to do the bed and there's other stuff to look to take-off the truck. So kind of just a total drop and all accounts. From that regard Josh knows better the lead on it and I talked to him extensively after I found out that there's an issue to move before I was, it was just later today I wasn't able to call you back but I do want to talk to him and get his insight on it but he obviously kinda set as much. So I, and sorry I'm not trying to like just overtake conversation. Go, go ahead.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: The his.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: No, no, no his personality is demeanor throughout the whole thing. He was hustling. I can't say enough about him. I mean he was really trying Cameron was just slow. I mean he even walk slow like everything. I mean I am barely five foot way barely a £100 and I think I could have done more than what he did honestly and I know he was new but he should have asked for help. He should have.
Chris Beattie: For sure.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: I don't know, it was, it was just crazy. I did extensive research for this company and we also had a family friend that use this company and they raised that it was even quicker than normal everything was taken care of and I was just not experienced at all.
Chris Beattie: Yeah, for sure. No, I will say, just go ahead.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: And I do understand.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: The elevator was broken at the first department that morning and it was fixed pretty much right after we moved out. So I know that added some time because they couldn't use the elevator. So I would think maybe an extra hour or two on the original quote because of the elevator.
Chris Beattie: Yeah.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Anyway, I just wanted to speak with someone. I, and I don't, I don't want to get anyone in trouble. I understand that he is a newer person and he needs to learn. And I definitely don't want Josh in any kind of trouble or recommended because he did the best with what he had. He honestly did but I felt like you needed to know before there was. I didn't want to just leave a bad review is basically what I'm calling to speak to you about.
Chris Beattie: Okay.
Chris Beattie: For sure yeah, I'm looking at the job it looks like our system code it is pay that does that based on kind of the distance doing some factors that if I talk to you on the phone beforehand even though when we were moving basically a full two bedroom equivalent from a second floor to second floor, thirty minutes away. So I'd probably, I guess it was right down the road never mind. So either way I wouldn't have quoted generally a two bedroom or equivalent takes between 4:00 to six hours. The system quoted you at 5.25. Kind of the middle of that range. I probably would have pushed it closer to six but that's the hair north there ultimately like I tell there this happens at times we have.
Chris Beattie: We have to trip why Josh are so great which is why he was working with a newer person but they didn't handle just the nature of it if we were aware man managers that it was going that much over at the time we would have sent free help or some way to kind of salvage it in a better way we weren't able to do that I think Josh is just trying to handle it move faster to kind of make up for the lack and experience in Cameron definitely apologize that you guys were the results or had to deal with a crew that wasn't as up the par for a move like this. That's definitely never intention. It sounds like obviously the elevator situation cause a little bit of delay because of the time spent on the bed and just in general the feedback you're giving like we never want to leave a bad taste in a mouth of a customer especially when they expect certain service we expect that as well which is why we have such a good reputation so what I would like to do, I can't take back to move hopefully everything got moved safely and securely and it's done at this point. So, I apologize it took so much longer and it went well into the afternoon, evening almost, obviously not ideal but what I can do is just, just kinda meet you halfway from just a compensation standpoint. So you were quoted $1,050. You're not paying $1,750 it looks like it should have taken at least maybe an hour. That's kind of outside their control but over my understand is over an hour and a half on the bed. So, I would just say.
Chris Beattie: Bring it back to the original estimate. So that would be like a full, essentially $600. I guess, $700 refund and I could just check it up to obviously, it wasn't a perfect situation or it was a kind of a perfect storm a newer guy. There's a lot more anticipated. The elevator broke down but a lot of that is not on you all or not on the customer. So I don't want you to add to sell for that. So what I'll do is, I'll just refund you back to the original estimate, which is $1,050 that is pretty on par with a two bedroom equivalent. If it took a little longer cause the elevator, I'm just gonna ignore that and just again charge you just for the quote just because of the other issues you mentioned and that happened on the move. Does that seem fair.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, I appreciate that and then, there's also some damage furniture. So is that totally separate? Because I don't wanna just leave it like this because they're definitely is a claim on a sofa and a dresser.
Chris Beattie: Mm-hmm.
Chris Beattie: Let me make sure I talked to him about that cause I saw that I got that in the message when you talked to someone yesterday let me make sure that the damage, so they should have submitted the damage claim on site from the iPad cause that is handled separately by our customer experience team, okay?
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: And he did. And.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Yeah, and he did and that's two or three days out so I just don't wanna make sure I'm saying okay, refund me and then that's like the way because there's still another issue, you know, what I'm saying. It's two separate issues. I just.
Chris Beattie: Yeah, no, no, for sure I get with you that's not how we operate it nothing's wiped away in fact, you actually have to generally pay for the move to get the damage I see it right here, why Riley brown. So, the claim is submitted. You haven't gotten a call or if she hasn't gotten a call from the customer experience team or an email by now and she will probably be today Monday at the latest but most likely sometime today the, our customer experience team handles all the damage claims. The claim is submitted. That's all I wanted to check on for the floor dresser and the couch. And so all that will be taken care of whether that's a repair, a replacement or a cash settlement and that is separate from this. So the customer experience team will work with me and we'll reach out to me and kind of tag me in that whole process and I'll let them know that I already talked to you and gave you a extensive refund but that is nothing to do with the damage process so that'll be separate. But I, the claim has been submitted.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, perfect.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, perfect.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Chris Beattie: If they haven't reached out to Riley by now then they will do so very soon. If not today the money at the latest the next business day. But it should be today, I would assume but yeah, Monday at the latest and that, that'll be taken care of as soon as they, they're going to go over the next steps with her and, or you about what needs to be done with all that but I'll go ahead and refund what I said the $700 that's basically a three and a half hour refund it shouldn't have taken as long as it did and maybe, should, maybe, would have taken closer to 66 and a half hours even with a more tenure guy with Josh but ultimately I'm happy to help you out on the back end cause you called us and talk to us and I understand the frustration so the refund was reissued to the card that was used for the payments ending in 3106.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Yeah, and I would appreciate that.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Chris Beattie: So you should get that refund it says a refund has been successfully issued $700 you should get that back into your account by the end of today or I guess the next business day if you don't for whatever reason let me know but it's showing on my end that it got refunded. So you the all total payment for the move will be $1,050 which is what you're quoted initially.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, perfect. I appreciate your help and thank you for listening to me and understanding our situation. I appreciate it.
Chris Beattie: Yeah for sure. I again I apologize. I've been doing this a long time with ein over ten years mover and manager. So I never want customers have a bad experience sometimes that's just how it goes. The bad day. A crew that not driving whatever the case. I never want you to be the result of that or have to deal with that. So I apologize I appreciate the understanding, patience like I said the damage claim has been submitted. So that stuff will be taken care of by our customer experience team it'll be a state Stephanie JC there's a few of them. One of them will reach out if they haven't already and they will go about that with you. If anything else comes up you can call this number to our office line and ask, or Chris on the branch manager otherwise the refund is issued they should be in contact with you about the damages and then we'll go from there.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Right.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, thank you so much Chris. I appreciate your help.
Chris Beattie: Alright, thank you. Have a good rest of your day.
Chris Beattie: Alright.
Monte Brown / Rylie Brown: Okay, you too. Bye-bye.
