Rep: Chris Anderson
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6749643753594880
Duration: 6.0 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 15:33 CT
Speakers: Barbara Serna, Chris Anderson

---TRANSCRIPT---

Barbara Serna: Hello.
Chris Anderson: Hi Barbara, this is Chris with Einstein Moving Company. How are you doing?
Barbara Serna: Hi Chris. Appreciate the call. Thank you, doing well.
Chris Anderson: Yeah, absolutely. Cool. Well yeah, I wanted to grab some details so I can put together an estimate to get over to you. I was curious it was listed as multiple stops. What is the multiple stop consist of?
Barbara Serna: The multiple stop. Yes, so I'm going to be moving up to Dallas. My family lives in Arlington, so since we are moving into an apartment, a smaller place we're going to be passing over the grill to them that we have and then as well as one of the our couches.
Chris Anderson: Okay, let me note that.
Chris Anderson: And would it be best to drop-off of them first or last?
Barbara Serna: I would say first just because it's more on the way.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Barbara Serna: Mm-hmm.
Chris Anderson: Alright. So with the load up location with the garage. Is anything coming from that or actually it looks like a car port and no.
Barbara Serna: Yes, we have a carport appear. And then with my parent's house similar thing just pull up right to the garage.
Chris Anderson: Okay, any special considerations like appliances, antiques, pianos or gun safe?
Barbara Serna: No, thankfully no, no, nothing too breakable.
Chris Anderson: Okay. And with boxes that you'll have packed up and ready to go for us. Based on the place that you're coming from we typically see in the neighborhood of 45 to 55 what do you think a safe estimate would be for you?
Barbara Serna: Yes.
Barbara Serna: On the amount of boxes I would, yeah, I would say probably less than forty I mean, I would think only about twenty to be honest if that even.
Chris Anderson: Mm-hmm.
Chris Anderson: Okay, about that.
Barbara Serna: Yeah. There'll be some stuff just more like we have a lot of plans in our home. So we'll be taking that as well as like, some of our computer monitors and things like that. But definitely looking for ein up, you know be able to grab our TVs and all that good stuff.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Chris Anderson: Alright. And I guess starting with your master bedroom, what are we going to be moving for you?
Barbara Serna: Yeah, and the master bedroom, it's gonna be pretty much are close and then my, our bed and then TV as well and then like a night stand.
Chris Anderson: And what is the bed it on or? I'm sorry. Not the bed. The T-V-T-V.
Barbara Serna: The TV yeah, over TVs are mounted currently.
Chris Anderson: Okay. So we do have the ability to, you know, get the TV down. Take the more the mounting hardware down as well. We just can't tack it back up for you.
Barbara Serna: Okay. That's totally fair.
Chris Anderson: Okay. And what about the second bedroom?
Barbara Serna: The second bidder pretty much just gonna be that mattress we have an old box spring on it that we're just gonna get rid of and that's pretty much it from the second bedroom all in. All the move is good. Sorry, no frame mm-hmm which is the mattress itself.
Chris Anderson: Any frame with that second bed any? Okay.
Chris Anderson: Kind of making it easy.
Barbara Serna: Yeah.
Chris Anderson: And what about the living room?
Barbara Serna: A living room, it'll be a couch for sure. But not very heavy which is nice. And then we're getting rid of our coffee table and our table underneath our TV and just kind of starting fresh on that.
Chris Anderson: Okay, so couch only and then dining room, oh, TV.
Barbara Serna: Cash catching TB mm-hmm no, we don't have a dining room table so it's pretty much just gonna be like our kitchen, you know our plates, forks no big appliance is coming with us just like the general, you know kitchen things.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Chris Anderson: Okay, and then I think you said a grill earlier. Anything else from that patio?
Barbara Serna: Yes, the grill and an outside furniture as well.
Chris Anderson: Alright, what is that consist of?
Barbara Serna: That consist of about there's two pieces of outdoor furniture and that'll be dropped off with my parents. So one of them is a three seater the other one is about a five seater.
Chris Anderson: And what's the address for your parents place in Arlington?
Barbara Serna: Yes, it's 792310 cup drive T-I-N. Cop drive, Arlington, Texas. 76001.
Chris Anderson: Okay, and that was dropping off the grill and what else.
Barbara Serna: The grill outdoor furniture and then a couch.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Chris Anderson: And that's just going to the garage.
Barbara Serna: That'll be going more than, like. Yeah, the garage or just in our backyard but that's it's just around the corner. Mm-hmm.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Chris Anderson: Okay.
Chris Anderson: Alright. So let me put together an estimate and I can shoot that over to you to review by email as of now. I mean we have more than enough availability on both dates that you're looking for so you have some time to review that and I'm gonna reach back out if you want to push, go on that and of course if you have any questions you can reach out to me specifically and I'd be happy to answer those for you.
Barbara Serna: Okay.
Barbara Serna: Okay.
Barbara Serna: Awesome, thank you Chris and you have my email address there, right? Barbara. Sturn 15. Okay, perfect @gmail.com yeah all lowercase altogether on that perfect, awesome, thank you, appreciate it.
Chris Anderson: Yeah, let me just verify. Yup, 25 @gmail.com.
Chris Anderson: Okay, perfect. Well, I'll get that over to you shortly. You're welcome, bye.
