Rep: Danah 2Celestial
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6281526401245184
Duration: 7.9 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 21:11 CT
Speakers: Danah 2Celestial, Oscar Herrera

---TRANSCRIPT---

Oscar Herrera: For calling.
Danah 2Celestial: Einstein moving this is Dana. Can I have your name?
Oscar Herrera: Oh, Oscar.
Danah 2Celestial: Oscar, how can I help you?
Oscar Herrera: I was looking to get a quote from you guys about moving, moving a one bedroom apartment. I sent over some info on yours website.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, let me check. Can I have your email address?
Oscar Herrera: The letter O and then my last name Herrera, 10 @icloud.com.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, thank you.
Danah 2Celestial: Oh, here 10 @icloud.com, right?
Oscar Herrera: Correct.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, nothing is showing here. I think your request didn't go through but let me go ahead and start your profile. But first let me check the availability. Can I have the zip code of the pickup. And drop-off.
Oscar Herrera: Pickup is gonna be 77008.
Oscar Herrera: And then, drop-off would be 77007?
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, thank you and what's your preferred move date?
Oscar Herrera: Either July 23rd or the twenty second.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: It's a one bedroom apartment, right?
Oscar Herrera: Yup. 599 square feet.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. Yeah, twenty third we don't have availability, but July 22nd we still have one truck available left. So let me start your profile.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. So now can I have the full pickup address?
Oscar Herrera: 907 Heights Boulevard, apartment five.
Danah 2Celestial: Sorry, you got cut off. 907.
Oscar Herrera: Heights Boulevard.
Danah 2Celestial: Heights, okay.
Oscar Herrera: Apartment number five.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. So it's a one bedroom apartment about 500 square feet, is that correct?
Oscar Herrera: 599, yeah.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Do you have any like extra room there like a study or an office?
Oscar Herrera: Oh, it's just a one bedroom apartment.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, and okay, and which floor are you coming from?
Oscar Herrera: Second floor stairs on me. Nope, stairs on.
Danah 2Celestial: Is there an elevator?
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. And what is the walking distance from where we can park the truck up to the bottom of the stairs or the first step.
Oscar Herrera: You can probably put it right up to the stairs.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. Then, what about the distance from top of the stairs to your unit?
Oscar Herrera: There's only one apartment next to mine that's directly next to the stairs, so.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Oscar Herrera: All I think all the apartments about 99 square feet, so.
Danah 2Celestial: Then I?
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. Then the items are moving for Oscar do you have anything that might be oversized or heavy like any gym equipment or a safe?
Oscar Herrera: Oh.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, what about valuable or fragile items, like artwork collection or antique pieces?
Oscar Herrera: Nope.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. And are we gonna move major appliances fridge? Washer/Dryer? Okay. Then for the number of boxes for a one bedroom apartment, there's typically about fifteen to 25 pre pack boxes, you think it's Vold within the range?
Oscar Herrera: Nope.
Oscar Herrera: Yeah, it's probably gonna be somewhere between 10:00 to fifteen yeah.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. And is everything going to be boxed up and ready to go by the time I get there? Okay. Alright. And now can I have the full drop-off address?
Oscar Herrera: Yes, mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: 3535, Katie freeway spelled K-A-T-Y and then Houston, Texas. 77007 it's a storage unit.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. And what is the size of your so unit?
Oscar Herrera: Ten by fifteen.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, and which four?
Oscar Herrera: Second floor, there's an elevator.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Alright, so I've got everything here. Let me quickly explain the pricing Oscar then your estimate and I'll send everything to your email too, so you won't have to take notes, okay.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Alright. So pricing very simple, the hourly rate is $190 for two movers. So $190 everything's already included there, the gas truck taxes and insurance. We also wrap your furniture for protection when being moved and we also disassemble and even reassembly is included there for the furniture and appliances too. So, that's all in pricing, we don't have any hidden fees, so there are no credit card fees, no transportation fees, no sterle fees and no disassemble and reassembly fees. Then our insurance it provides up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse burs any accidental damage. If for any move, we have a two and a half hour minimum. Once we go over the minimum, the time is prorated in fifteen minute increments.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Then estimate. So, moving a one bedroom apartment typically takes two and a half to three and a half hours with two movers. Now based on the details that you shared, I would estimate your move to fall within that typical range. So for two guys, two and a half to three and a half hours you're looking at around $475 to $665 then we're time based. So at the end of the day, you only pay for the actual time is on the move after the two and a half hour minimum is reach. Does that make sense?
Oscar Herrera: Yup.
Oscar Herrera: Mm-hmm.
Oscar Herrera: Yeah.
Danah 2Celestial: So Oscar I can go ahead and cancel you in for July 22nd Wednesday. We have morning and afternoon available and we don't require a deposit to book to do you want to lock in a.
Oscar Herrera: No, that's okay. I'm shopping around getting quotes and right now you guys are the middle one as far as the other two that excludes that two, yeah.
Danah 2Celestial: Oh, yeah, sure.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, so I'll send everything to your email then if you have any questions or if you're ready to move forward just give us a call.
Oscar Herrera: Alright, thank you.
Danah 2Celestial: You're welcome. Have a good one.
Oscar Herrera: Alright, you too, bye-bye.
