Rep: Danah 2Celestial
Branch: Houston Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6640818367176704
Duration: 8.0 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 20:44 CT
Speakers: Brandon, Danah 2Celestial

---TRANSCRIPT---

Danah 2Celestial: Einstein moving this is Dana. Can I have your name?
Brandon: Hi, don. My name is Brenda. How are you?
Danah 2Celestial: Hi, Brandon. How can I help you?
Brandon: I was just calling to get a quote and I can provide what, whatever information it is that you needed. I'm looking to move into my new apartment. I'm already in Houston but just moving to a different side of town August 5th so, I just wanted to know the process and what information you needed from you for a quote.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah, sure let me check availability first. Can I have the zip code of the pickup and drop-off.
Brandon: Yeah, so the pickup 77081.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Brandon: And the new place is 77346.
Danah 2Celestial: Thank you.
Brandon: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: August 5th yeah, we still have availability then what is the size of the apartment you're moving out of?
Brandon: Oh, I wrote it down, hold on. It's I know it's less than 800 square feet, it's a 11 bed, one bath. I think it's 7776 I believe but if you need the exact then I can find it.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, one.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah. No need, no need just one bedroom is. Okay, and which floor are you coming from?
Brandon: The second floor.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay, and the apartment you're moving into, which floor is it on?
Brandon: Also the second floor.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay.
Danah 2Celestial: Okay. So let me quickly explain the pricing Brandon. So the hourly rate is $190 for two movers $190 what's included there is the gas truck taxes and insurance. We also wrap your furniture for protection when being moved and we also disassemble and reassemble the furniture and appliances too the only thing outside of the hourly rate is a one time sure fee of $105 because the location you're moving into is outside of our free service zone. That trip fee is to cover the drive from that new location or a new place going back to the branch.
Brandon: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Then we don't have any hidden fees, so there are no credit card fees here. No sterle. Fees and notice assembly and reassembly fees too. Then we have a two and a half hour minimum for any move once we go over that the time is prorated in fifteen minute increments. Then ballpark estimate Brandon, typically moving a one bedroom apartment takes two and a half to three and a half hours with two movers. But in your case considering the drive time and you're coming from the second floor moving into a second floor unit. I would estimate your move to take about three to four hours with two movers. So that's an estimated cost of $675.65 to $865.
Brandon: Okay, 675 so, how much?
Danah 2Celestial: 2865.
Brandon: 865.
Brandon: Okay, and you said the one time trip fee. I know you said it's because it's out of the zoom. How much was that again?
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm 105.
Brandon: 0105 okay, I thought you said 405. I was like wait, what?
Danah 2Celestial: Yup. No 105 only.
Brandon: $105 for the trick fee. And you said $190 hourly rate. Now, how does that, what does that look like in terms of, you know, I know you said that you are assembled and a breakdown furniture which is great, but like say I have objects like you know, pops, pans clothing, things like that. Do you all provide boxes or bins or like things like that or what I need the package all of that up on my own. How does that work?
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm you can pack everything on your own box of everything and they should be ready to go by the time you get there or we can also do packing services for you. We box up everything for you. It'll just add to the overall move time and packing supplies will be at cost.
Brandon: Gotcha. So I guess what would an estimate be if I want to do all the package of like pack things up as well and not have me do it on my own.
Danah 2Celestial: So if we do packing service for you. Typically it takes the same amount of time assuming itself so you're looking at around, let me see.
Danah 2Celestial: Six and a half to seven and a half hours with two guys including the packing materials. You're looking at around $1,520 to $1,710.
Brandon: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm trying to write it down cause you say that again with the packing, what the cost would be.
Danah 2Celestial: So, six and a half to seven and a half hours. It's 1520.
Danah 2Celestial: 21710.
Brandon: So.
Brandon: Are you saying that's for, oh, that's including everything like the move and the packing included.
Danah 2Celestial: Yup.
Danah 2Celestial: Yup.
Brandon: Gotcha.
Brandon: And how much is the packing service individually?
Danah 2Celestial: It's the same hourly rate to.
Brandon: Oh, 190.
Danah 2Celestial: But if you're, yup, but we don't do packing only service us liability RECs.
Brandon: Gotcha. So, all nothing.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm. Yup.
Brandon: And you said as of right now you do have August 5th available?
Danah 2Celestial: Yes, we still have a lot of availability there.
Brandon: Okay. And would it be like a two man job but how many people usually come for, you know, a one bed, one bath.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah, that estimate is for two movers.
Brandon: Gotcha.
Brandon: Okay, perfect. I know you are close at 4:30. I'm just trying to wait some options but who am I? I'm sorry, can you repeat your name again.
Danah 2Celestial: Dana.
Brandon: And perfect okay Donna, well, I'll definitely be in touch. You guys are my number one pick so far, that's not bad at all. So just kinda discuss it with my folks and we'll go from there. I'll be in touch.
Danah 2Celestial: Mm-hmm.
Danah 2Celestial: Yeah, sure! Yeah! And you can just look for me whenever you're ready to.
Brandon: Okay, perfect. Sounds great. Hey, I appreciate your help.
Danah 2Celestial: You're welcome.
Brandon: Alright, you take care.
Danah 2Celestial: You too bye-bye.
Brandon: Bye.
