Rep: Donna Carillo
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5793301886869504
Duration: 10.9 min
Datetime: 2026-07-08 22:14 CT
Speakers: Bess Laura, Donna Carillo

---TRANSCRIPT---

Donna Carillo: Yes, hi Laura with Einstein moving, is this the best time for me to talk to you?
Bess Laura: Sure, what's that?
Donna Carillo: Yeah, okay. So we just noticed that you book your move online and we're just reaching out to conduct your kickoff call. So basically we just wanna make sure that we have the correct information for your upcoming move. Okay, and that the estimate provided is accurate as possible. So this should take around five to ten minutes of your time or you can also give us a call whenever you're available.
Bess Laura: Okay.
Donna Carillo: So, would that be okay ma'am?
Bess Laura: Yeah, no, it's fine.
Donna Carillo: Okay. Alright. So let me just confirm the information that we have here. Okay. So let me just, just pull up your profile real quick. So it says here that we be moving you from 5217 old Spicewood springs road Austin. 78731 so this is a one bedroom apartment around 970. Square feet. May I know the unit number, please?
Bess Laura: You agree.
Donna Carillo: I'm sorry.
Bess Laura: 0403.
Donna Carillo: 0403 did I get it? Right?
Donna Carillo: Sorry, cause I couldn't quite hear you well ma'am.
Bess Laura: Yeah, I put my headphones can you hear me better? Alright. Yeah, the unit number is 0403.
Donna Carillo: There you go. Yeah, alright. Yes, you better ma'am.
Donna Carillo: Got it. 0403, thank you. Okay, so any additional rooms, like an office or probably a garage that we need to move or just this one bedroom unit?
Bess Laura: It's a one bedroom unit. There's a garage. But I park in the garage, so there's a few boxes in there but not that much.
Donna Carillo: Oh, I see.
Donna Carillo: Okay and this on the first floor, right? The units on the first, no, what's the distance from where we can park our truck to the door of the unit, please?
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: You can pull up directly to the unit.
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Donna Carillo: Perfect.
Donna Carillo: And then I just wanna make sure any additional con, any special consideration like heavy equipment, gym equipment, safe Cano were valuable items like antique or any art collection that we need to move.
Bess Laura: No, just things that are valuable to me but probably not to anyone else.
Donna Carillo: I see. Okay. How about boxes ma'am. Are removing boxes and if so, how many are we moving, just a rough estimate please.
Bess Laura: Yeah, I don't, I don't know. I mean, honestly, you guys moved me last year, so and it's the same stuff, so whatever, whatever we did last year, the only difference is last year part of my stuff was in storage, so this time, it's all in my apartment.
Donna Carillo: Oh, okay, I see.
Donna Carillo: Okay. Yeah, but just to give you an idea usually a one bedroom apartment. Typical box count would fall anywhere between fifteen to 25 boxes. You think it fall within that range unless you have like a large book collection or regard of that might you know, move you out of that box account.
Bess Laura: Lay more towards 25.
Donna Carillo: 25, okay, sure.
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Donna Carillo: And then no additional stops in between we're heading straight to the new apartment.
Bess Laura: Heading straight to the new apartment.
Donna Carillo: Alright. So the address that we have here is 10400. Research Boulevard, Austin. 78759. So it's also one bedroom apartment, 870 square feet. May I have the unit number for this one, ma'am?
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: Yeah, it's 543.
Donna Carillo: 543 okay, so this time it'll be on the fifth floor will be using an elevator now. What would be the distance from where we can park our truck to the base of the elevator, please, ma'am.
Bess Laura: I think you can get directly in front of it. I'll confirm with the building.
Donna Carillo: Alright, no worries ma'am and then, but once you get to the fifth floor is your unit right next to the elevator, is there a long hold, we're a bit of a walk?
Bess Laura: It's, I mean, it's a unit down from the elevator banks. It's not too far.
Donna Carillo: I see. Okay.
Donna Carillo: Alright. And then finally can you just give us a, a rundown. A quick rundown of the items that will be moving and then if you can go a bit slow ma'am because I'll be typing them in.
Bess Laura: Yeah, you want me to just go through my apartment. Alright, okay let's see. I have a roll top desk that comes apart in pieces so it doesn't have to be moved, is what? Yeah. I have all my kitchen items.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm.
Donna Carillo: Yes, ma'am please.
Donna Carillo: Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Donna Carillo: Uh-huh.
Bess Laura: Desk chair see in the living room. I have a TV credenza, a 55 inch TV in there.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: I have a nine foot L shape couch.
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Bess Laura: A fabric auto.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: I have see a dining room table that all before they get there. I'll take it apart in, in pieces and it's gonna go under my bed and the new apartment, and then.
Donna Carillo: Okay, and then how many chairs it does it come with it ma'am? The dining room table?
Bess Laura: I'm getting rid of those, so they don't need to move them, and then in addition to that, I do have two just sitting chairs for the living room.
Donna Carillo: Oh, okay, okay.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Bess Laura: And then the bedroom, I have a poster bed and I not really poster bed but something like that. And the bed base is, it's a queen bed.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm and what's the size ma'am?
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Bess Laura: The bed base is an adjustable bed. So it's a little heavier than most bed bases are just typical one. And then I have a aica in there.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm.
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Bess Laura: And a 55 inch TV.
Donna Carillo: 55 inch TV. Okay, go ahead ma'am.
Bess Laura: Have a small three drawer dresser.
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Bess Laura: And a little like, kinda storage drawer thing. I don't know what that's called. But yeah, like three drawer bedside table.
Donna Carillo: Okay.
Donna Carillo: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: And, and an antique secretary desk.
Bess Laura: And see, I think that is it, the rest would be like, that's all the furniture and stuff, the rest to be like closet stuffed boxes.
Donna Carillo: Okay, how about any, okay, how about full mirror area rugs?
Bess Laura: I left the lease. I have one I think it's like a six by nine rug.
Donna Carillo: Area rug.
Bess Laura: I have another desk chair.
Donna Carillo: That's about outside furniture, patio furniture.
Bess Laura: I have two bolding. Chairs.
Donna Carillo: Alright, so the estimate initially given to you was for two movers and one truck anywhere between two and a half to three and a half hours. Now given the list of items that will be moving plus the bed ma'am and the few boxes in the garage, I may need to round this off to four hours. So we're looking at two and a half to four hours ma'am, just in case now anyway, you don't have to worry this is just an estimate and we're time based meaning that you only have to pay for whatever time is used. So I just had to stretch that making sure that we have the truck and the movers reserved for you to complete the move just in case something happens ma'am. Does that make sense?
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm, yeah.
Donna Carillo: Alright. Okay. So two and a half so we're looking at around anywhere between $545 for two and a half hours, okay. $2,872 for four hours, Max. Okay. Yeah, so, any questions or concerns about the pricing or how the time works?
Bess Laura: Okay.
Bess Laura: No.
Donna Carillo: Okay. Yeah. So your move date will be next month. The 21st of August which is a Friday. So it'll be an afternoon move anytime between 12:30 in the afternoon to 2:30 in the afternoon, 12:30 to 230. Okay, yeah, I think that's it for me. Oh, by the way, just a reminder though that a few days before the move, we'll be sending you another email introducing you to your movers and then we'll call or text the day before just to check-in. One last time. Of course if you have any questions between now and then we're always here for you. Okay. So, yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Bess Laura: Okay.
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: Okay. 11 question for you. Is there any way to request the mover I had last time?
Donna Carillo: Me just double, I can put a note in here ma'am. So, let me just double, let me check first your previous move. Hold on for a moment. Let me pull that out for you.
Donna Carillo: So this was from last year. Right? Ma'am, last year's move rans pop and Christopher cold. Yeah, Ranu actually has been promoted ma'am, so he's already working in the office. No, Christopher, I'll have to check with that. I can put a note in here. But we cannot guarantee ma'am, unfortunately.
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm, yeah.
Bess Laura: Mm-hmm.
Bess Laura: Okay.
Bess Laura: That's okay. I was it's okay I was requesting brands I don't actually don't remember the other guy. I'm sure he was fine but yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Okay.
Donna Carillo: The other one, yeah, he has already. Yeah, he's been promoted rans. Okay. Alright. So, yeah, anything else ma'am?
Bess Laura: Nope, that's all. Thank you, I appreciate it.
Donna Carillo: Yeah, and thank you so much for taking my call. Hope you enjoy the rest of the day now ma'am. Take care. Alright, bye-bye.
Bess Laura: You too, take care.
