Rep: Dustin Street
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4587294670135296
Duration: 15.9 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 15:50 CT
Speakers: Dustin Street, Hayden Weishahn

---TRANSCRIPT---

Dustin Street: Hello, this is Dustin with Einstein moving.
Hayden Weishahn: Hi, my name is Hayden. Wion I spoke with someone earlier in the week about getting a quote for moving in early August.
Dustin Street: Alright, let me look this up.
Dustin Street: I think this one is the one we're talking about and you're moving away from bell terra village. Way, sweet. Yes sir. I've got that profile pulled up.
Hayden Weishahn: Yup, exactly.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, I was just trying to get a quote, but I had to run to a meeting so we weren't able to finish and I was just wondering if we could pick up where I, where I left off and get some numbers.
Dustin Street: Yeah, absolutely I full disclosure. I work at the San antonio branch. I'm just catching overflow calls for the south Austin branch. It does look like juline would have emailed you like some basic pricing and information but I can definitely run through this with you and see if we can get that updated. I just don't know how much it'll differ from what she emailed you.
Hayden Weishahn: Oh, okay.
Hayden Weishahn: I didn't.
Hayden Weishahn: I did not get that, maybe the email addresses, I mean, it's a tough last name, that's what I'm thinking or maybe it went to my spam.
Dustin Street: It matches, it might have went into your spam, usually not in Gmail so much as like a Hotmail Hotmail likes to throw our stuff. The spam possibly an important but maybe, maybe in spam but that's not a deal breaker at all.
Hayden Weishahn: Can you re forward it?
Dustin Street: I just, I'm not in their email address. I can reach out to them to do it, but we can also run through the details. It looks like we're missing an address to the storage.
Dustin Street: Does also a load up? And then the unload? So, I have a feeling what she sent you is going to be incomplete anyways honestly.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, I was wanted to see what like, cause the storage unit isn't that full but I was like, yeah, how much does it cost me to have you all to help me out with it or is it more beneficial just to have me do it myself and not be lazy.
Dustin Street: Let's see, so that storage units about thirty minutes away and then the.
Hayden Weishahn: Oh, it's like five minutes away from.
Dustin Street: Gotcha. Alright. So, yeah, it's, yeah, we don't have an address, it's just showing east highway 290 and that's what it's showing the drive is. Do you know, do you know the name of that facility or have their address?
Hayden Weishahn: Make sure the address is.
Hayden Weishahn: Oh, okay, I.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, I have the address, so it's extra space storage, and the address is, 14051. West 290.
Dustin Street: Suite.
Dustin Street: West 290.
Hayden Weishahn: Often Texas, 78737.
Dustin Street: Boom.
Dustin Street: Gotcha. Yes sir. Yeah, so about two and a half miles huge difference there, that's definitely helpful and then that storage is a first see.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, everything's gonna tight little cluster they house itself is only like two miles away to.
Dustin Street: Awesome, yeah, let's yeah, exactly beautiful that storage unit on the first floor.
Hayden Weishahn: Yup, yeah, it's a garage one. It's an external one. Yeah, one of those.
Dustin Street: Sweet, and then that's a ten by fifteen but it's not like stacked all the way full in there.
Hayden Weishahn: No, it's not, not that jam pack it was, yeah.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha and then.
Dustin Street: Let's see here in either location, the location you're moving away from or into, do you have any special considerations? These are usually heavier things like safe and pianos or delicate things like antique or glass, or marble furniture.
Hayden Weishahn: Nope. The only thing I think Celine mentioned was my TV is a 65 inch. I think she asked about that but other than that, yeah. Everything's, I mean, I'm quite a bit of furniture but no, it's all, it's your regular dresser, yeah.
Dustin Street: Gotcha.
Dustin Street: No worries man. No worries. And then usually.
Dustin Street: So breaking this up into locations the apartment and the storage normally from an apartment be size that you're moving out of, we'd expect to move between fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you think we'll be moving about that any boxes for you?
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, that sounds right and if I go over that I can certainly do it myself.
Dustin Street: Yeah, no problem. We're an hourly rate company so you can do as much as little as you want, not a big deal. We definitely don't charge by the box and then does around thirty yards sounds like an accurate estimate of distance from where our truck will be parked to get up into that unit using the elevator at that apartment you're moving away from.
Hayden Weishahn: Oh.
Hayden Weishahn: To, to get to the elevator, yes, but then it's, you know, from the elevator down, the fall would probably be a little more than that total between the two.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, sure.
Hayden Weishahn: Oh, ninety feet now, that's probably pretty close. I don't know. It'll, it'll be, it'll be close but yeah, so it's the elevators like in the middle and I'm on the end and then like, yeah.
Dustin Street: Okay.
Dustin Street: No, no problem. I'm calling it like, around forty yards, is kind of what I'm estimating for just based off of the description.
Hayden Weishahn: I think that's.
Hayden Weishahn: That's fair, and yeah, depending on which parking spot. Like it's all I don't have. There's a lot of factors that I, we'll have to fight the day of.
Dustin Street: Absolutely. Yes sir. And then you know, obviously, this is gonna be just a shot in the dark guest like an estimation of how much of the cubic footage is used in that storage unit. Generally I like to ask, is it stacked all the way up to the ceiling all the way to the door. In your case it's not that full. So I'm not expecting that but is it maybe like chest ti front to back or is it just across the floor space and not really stacked in there?
Hayden Weishahn: Not quite chest but let's just call it chest high. I mean, there's definitely some spots where absolutely not but yeah, let's just yeah, call it just to be safe.
Dustin Street: Gotcha, sweet.
Dustin Street: Alright! Alright let me look at my notes real quick and get an idea on that.
Dustin Street: Alright, and then so from the apartment to the storage.
Dustin Street: And then, to the home that you're moving to, and that's pretty, pretty level ground, not on like, a top of the hill or bottom of the hill with like a lot of stairs or anything Traver to traverse to get into that house you're moving into.
Hayden Weishahn: No, there's like three stairs, I think, from the garage to the, to the first level, and I don't think, there's nothing that comes to mind in the apartment. That's gonna go up to the second story of the house. So, it's all gonna be just up those three stairs and then into the bedrooms and stuff like nothing's, nothing's going in upstairs even at this point.
Dustin Street: Awesome. Yeah no that definitely works. I have enough information to get you set up with an estimate and onto our schedule all this information I'll share with you I will email over to you at H. I. On 93 @gmail.com and then I do see moved with us previously let me look that up also to.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, we're about a year and a half ago or so may, yeah. Alright.
Dustin Street: Let's check it out. It looks like April sixteenth of 25 is what it's looking like.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, yeah.
Dustin Street: And then let's get engage of this. Wow, we had five movers on that, and then.
Hayden Weishahn: That was for a much different situation. Yeah.
Dustin Street: Yeah, definitely. It seems like that's the case so this isn't super helpful for, for this estimate but that's all good. Anyways I'll email all of this over to you so don't worry about taking any notes or anything I'm happy to answer questions. So feel free to ask them as we go along.
Dustin Street: We're an hourly hourly rate company. I think a two person team is appropriate for this move. And we charge $206 an hour for that two person team. We have a two and a half hour minimum so the two and a half hour minimum for your move is $515, and after that hourly rate of $206 is prorated in quarter hour increments. So, you only pay for the time that you use this moves a little other than typical because there's the apartment plus the addition of a storage unit. And so, I can't tell you a typical, this takes this long but based off of the details you shared.
Dustin Street: And the close proximity to all locations and nothing really from the apartment going up to the second floor of the new place. I do think your move is gonna land between like the five to seven hour timeframe. If your move took five hours, you'd be looking at $1,030. If it did end up taking seven hours you'd be looking at $1,442 but I do think you're gonna land between those two numbers for your move.
Dustin Street: And then that hourly rates all inclusive. There's no hidden fees. So it covers the taxes and insurance the materials to protect your items like pads, bands and shrink wrap the do to get your items to and from the truck the tools to disassemble and reassemble any items that need to come apart or go back together and then the way the clock works is once the team gets over to bell terra village way and at your apartment, the move time will start and they'll begin working for you immediately and that move time will run and so we complete the move for you over at spyglass cove. So that move time would continue to run between the apartments of the storage and then the storage over to the home until we finish does all of that make sense?
Hayden Weishahn: Of course. Yeah.
Dustin Street: Awesome. Do you have any questions about the estimate or our pricing or anything?
Hayden Weishahn: No, I mean, send it hourly like if I cut the storage unit out of there, is there any, it would just save me on the hourly, right? It would just make them quicker.
Dustin Street: Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So if you cut out the storage unit, you know, and your move took, let's say four hours you'd be looking at 8824 and then if it ended up taking five hours you'd be looking at that, 1030 so, yes, sir.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah.
Hayden Weishahn: No, I think that makes sense. I think that at that rate I definitely wanna have them do the storage unit too. Like, yeah, in my head I was like five hours without seven hours with like $1,400 to have it all been done. Is, is worth it.
Dustin Street: Yeah, and I mean, the storage unit sounds super easy, we can pull right up to it. It's not completely full. So the storage units definitely the easiest portion of the move. Not that any of it sounds particularly challenging but I do think that's the difference between you land in that like 5:00 to seven hours to like 4:00 to five hours for your move.
Hayden Weishahn: No that, yeah. Yeah, everything's pretty much in bend, I mean, there's some loose stuff but like, it's all like simple stuff, bends and buckets and shit so, okay, well, that's awesome. I don't remember last time did you all need to deposit for the, and that was for a Thursday. I think she mentioned that midweek was a little cheaper. I think the thirteenth what's the date?
Dustin Street: Yes, sir. That is, that is Thursday the thirteenth Tuesday Wednesdays Thursdays are at a value pricing. We like Fridays and Saturdays are at the standard pricing. And then Sundays, Mondays are at a slightly discounted price. Yes, sir.
Hayden Weishahn: I'm gonna double-check that date. I might have to shift the date just a little bit, sorry it's not.
Dustin Street: No, no problem.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah, no, that should, that should, that should work. What time do they typically show up?
Dustin Street: So since the estimate for like the full shebang would be like five to seven hours. I'd have to schedule it as a morning move. So we'd be looking to get on site over there between 8:30 and 9:00.
Hayden Weishahn: Yeah.
Hayden Weishahn: Okay, I can do that.
Dustin Street: Sweet. Did you want me to go ahead and get you on the schedule send over a confirmation email.
Hayden Weishahn: How much is it if I push it to the fourteenth? How much is the difference in the hourly rate?
Dustin Street: Let's check that out.
Dustin Street: Alright. So it looks like it goes up by $12 an hour so that would increase it, let's see. That's tough math. Let's see. From it goes up a, at, at a, at the seven hours. Yeah, you're looking at close to $80 for a FullSeven. Hours of work.
Hayden Weishahn: And then $12 like $60.
Hayden Weishahn: No, let's do Thursday cause that gives me more time to unpack and check, yeah.
Dustin Street: Sweet, I'll get you onto our schedule for August 13th which is a Thursday. And then if anything comes up, anything changes you have any questions along the way. Definitely, don't hesitate to reach out. You're welcome to give us a callback or you can reply to this email that I'll send you and then we'll be able to get everything addressed that way.
Hayden Weishahn: Okay, yeah.
Hayden Weishahn: That's perfect, I'm looking forward to it.
Dustin Street: Awesome. We are too. Hope you have a great rest of your day.
Hayden Weishahn: You too, bye.
Dustin Street: Thanks, bye.
