Rep: Erik Orama
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4608039706107904
Duration: 14.6 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 20:03 CT
Speakers: Erik Orama, Obrien Brian

---TRANSCRIPT---

Erik Orama: Stin moving company, this is Eric.
Obrien Brian: Hi, my name is Brian o'brian. I have an appointment for tomorrow and Monday to move from Aubrey to Plano. I left a message yesterday basically I need that to be a lot less expensive. So we need to scale down the move and I'm wondering if you guys want to change that to just Monday since I really have I have about $1,000 to spend.
Erik Orama: Okay.
Erik Orama: Gotcha. Let's see if I can find you here.
Erik Orama: Mm-hmm.
Erik Orama: So it looks like Monday or not on Monday, sorry, Sunday, tomorrow you are scheduled for six hours of packing and then the move itself is slated to take place on Monday which is also set up as six hours of moving. So, are you just looking to remove the packing portion of the move or what's kind of the, like, what are you?
Obrien Brian: Well, basically just scale back only the big thing we probably could. Well, basically, just the big things like a couple of, couple of beds, couple of dressers, a TV in a desk, you know, not pretty much and, and close. So, rather than six hours, we could probably hopefully get that done in like 2:00 or three and then the move itself for two or three hours.
Erik Orama: I'm sorry. So you're saying you would like to scale back the packing of the home to two to three hours and then limit the move itself to two to three hours.
Obrien Brian: Right, and I assume we can do that on Monday rather than start tomorrow. Since it's probably only six hours, hopefully 4:00 to six hours.
Erik Orama: Okay. And so, what is it that you would want for us to pack then if we're not going to be doing the full pack there for you sir?
Obrien Brian: Okay. The things that I just mentioned one king size bed, one bunk bed, let's see.
Erik Orama: That would be a part of the move though. So for packing for us, it's putting your belongings like, into boxes and things.
Obrien Brian: Oh, the, yeah, just the kitchen.
Erik Orama: Just the kitchen. Okay. So let's see here moving out of a 2600 footer.
Obrien Brian: And maybe one book Sheell.
Erik Orama: Yeah, I guess we can like.
Obrien Brian: Yeah, I know. It's 2600 square feet booth.
Erik Orama: So.
Obrien Brian: I was just gonna say, I know it's twenty foot, hundred square feet but we're leaving a lot behind. And some rooms are empty.
Erik Orama: Sure. Yeah, did you do a a virtual walkthrough for this move?
Obrien Brian: No, no. How would I do that or what can I do or do you want me to?
Erik Orama: Oh, I was just curious. I mean at this point I mean, I guess we could still, if you want to, but typically, with anything above 1800 square feet we set a virtual tours just to get a good idea as to what's going on in the home, so that we can more accurately quote it I don't know that would necessarily change anything being that you're just, you're trying to limit it to two to three hours in, in both cases.
Erik Orama: I just don't, I'm not very confident. Like when it comes to a 2600 square foot home, like, we could see a two man team spending four hours in the kitchen alone. Which is why usually we end up going to six to eight hour range with the packing things on that side, because the other rooms are very quick, but the kitchen being that it has glass, appliances, multiple drawers, and, and cabinets that are full of things, it usually takes a lot more time than any other part of the home and then if we, if we limit the inventory itself to just the bigger items, we can definitely see a decrease in, you know, the time that we spend with you.
Obrien Brian: Yeah, I understand that.
Erik Orama: I just, yeah, it's just.
Obrien Brian: So if there's any time after those big things to work on the kitchen, that'd be fine and if we run out of time that's fine, I'll move the rest of myself or a pack the rest myself in the kitchen and move it.
Erik Orama: Okay. So we'd like to get rid of tomorrow and then on Monday, focus on just moving the big items. Once we've got the big items situated, then you would want the guys to move forward with potentially packing the kitchen.
Obrien Brian: Yes.
Erik Orama: And in hopes of having enough time to also move what we've packed.
Obrien Brian: Well, no, we definitely need to move uh-oh. I'm sorry yeah, as far as the patching part yeah, if so, pack whatever you can you know, if you've got a, you know, three hour time limit or something or two hours and you get to the end of that and you haven't packed anything in the kitchen or you know, it doesn't, doesn't matter if there's one box of silverware pack and we can throw it in the truck. But, but then basically, the time based rather than when you finished that makes sense.
Erik Orama: Yeah, no, it's all-time based for us. I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to make a, make sense of a game plan here just with, with the moving parts that are in existence if we take out the packing completely. I think getting the full move for you done is, is sustainable within the six hours, but I don't wanna, I don't wanna necessarily agree to something that I don't see as attainable when it comes to like packing a large amount and then also moving the bigger items, like, I feel like it might be better to GO1. Or the other direction and then.
Erik Orama: Like you said if we have time leftover we can potentially focus it somewhere else but I think it'd probably be.
Obrien Brian: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So let's do the big things that I can you know, they're two Vokey for me to move by myself, if there's any time we can text some of the kitchen, if not, that's fine. We'll move and take the big items over to the apartment.
Erik Orama: Okay, so let's do this, we'll get rid of activity one.
Obrien Brian: And I'm sorry about that. The apartments raised all of the numbers they gave me. So I'm a few $1,000 shorter than what I, what I expected.
Erik Orama: Hey, no worries at all Brian. I understand there's a, it's always something with the apartments, man. I just went through a similar fiasco with the place that I'm staying right now. And so I hear you. No worries at all. Let's let's see here. Okay, so I've got you on day one I wanna let me get rid of this activity.
Obrien Brian: Thanks.
Erik Orama: Unbook the truck.
Erik Orama: The pack day, we're gonna delete.
Erik Orama: Okay, what is going on here?
Erik Orama: Book.
Erik Orama: Not want to get rid of the twelfth.
Erik Orama: There we go. Okay, so let's do this.
Erik Orama: On into.
Erik Orama: The Gara and.
Erik Orama: Re.
Erik Orama: Big items first.
Erik Orama: Okay, so I just have that we're going to be moving the big items first and then if there's time we will pack and move what we can and you want that to be focused on the kitchen, or just kind of pack and move what we can, in general.
Obrien Brian: No, no, no, no. Oh, I mean, I play it by ear pack move-in general whatever there's time for.
Erik Orama: Okay, perfect. And then for the large items that I have just in the inventory right now as it stands the office looks like it would just be the desk. The living room has a 65 inch TV stand in the books shelf. Master bedroom, has a king mattress it's frame and a dresser. The kids room has a bunk bed two dressers, two book shelves. There's a question mark next to washer and dryer and then we have a grill are all of those items going to be included, or we want to kind of cut it back down to some of the things you had said earlier.
Obrien Brian: And no drill and no washer and dryer.
Erik Orama: No grill no Washer/Dryer and then kitchen and I'll move back cause I was just packing. The box is out of the office section.
Obrien Brian: And the desk is not like a big ass oak desk or anything. It's just a, it's a standing desk, so it's like a, a top and two metal legs.
Erik Orama: Okay, just like one of those type ones, I think that's probably the same similar to the one I have at the office. Okay, perfect. Okay, so, yeah, 123-4567 yeah, ten items or so we still get that done pretty quick. Okay, so, now I guess the other side of things here I'll put in packing maybe.
Obrien Brian: Yeah, yeah.
Obrien Brian: Yeah.
Erik Orama: And then I guess I'll probably be able to cut that down to we'll call it two hours of packing.
Erik Orama: Okay.
Erik Orama: And so, with, with the way that the packing supply costs and everything like that worked works I'm sure that land and kind of explain things to you but we send out a bulk amount and you only end up paying for what we do use. So just because of the conversation we've kind of had here I've cut that down to $100. I think it was at $250 again you're only subject to what it is that we use of that but with the estimate as it stands still with the six hours in place if we were to use the full six hours and the $100 worth of packing supplies. We're look, we're still looking at about $1,387 for the move, I know you said you were close to a grand with the budget. So is there anything that we want to change to you know, cut back a bit or how are we, how are we looking in there.
Obrien Brian: Yeah.
Obrien Brian: Yeah.
Obrien Brian: Fun. Inert doesn't show any misters this is Cayen probably cut the packing time a little bit.
Obrien Brian: You know and just do the bare minimum on happen. Make it one over texted.
Erik Orama: Okay, so, I mean, what I can do is I'll put in, I'll put in a note to bring.
Obrien Brian: And.
Erik Orama: Roughly $100 in.
Obrien Brian: Okay, thank you.
Erik Orama: Packing supplies.
Obrien Brian: Be over there, so I'll come back. Okay.
Erik Orama: Make that. Okay, so, yeah. The only, the only way for me really to get this down closer to.
Erik Orama: The like that $1,000 mark would be to cut this estimate back to five hours. But we would have to stay within the five hours, cause that five hours we're looking at $1,085. And that's if we don't use any packing supplies at all.
Obrien Brian: Alright, okay.
Erik Orama: So, I guess that's kind of, that was okay, I mean, if you're cool there that I just was, that's what my struggle was earlier was that with packing supplies and things like that involved like, hourly wise, I can get it to reflect something like that and set kind of a, a stake in the ground and say like this is where we need to stay at if you want to stay at this price. But if we were to start packing, then things kind of get objective just with the amount of materials that we might end up using.
Obrien Brian: Okay.
Obrien Brian: Yeah, I need some and I would, I totally understand it's you know I wish I didn't have to ask for this and I know it's not your fault the apartments kinda screwed me over.
Erik Orama: Okay.
Erik Orama: No man.
Erik Orama: I get it, dude, they, they're head hunting these days that's to say the least but okay. So, so yeah, as it stands then Brian we've reduced the estimate to five hours. I will have a note in here but I just kind of reiterate on move day to the guys that like, hey, like, we need to, we need to stay at this five hours, you know, and they'll be able to, to kind of like optimize and prioritize things accordingly. And then if the packing ends up being a part of something then awesome. If not, we'll definitely be able to knock out all the bigger items for you and then any other maybe like loose boxes or things that you guys have already packed and get that situated within that five.
Obrien Brian: Yeah.
Obrien Brian: I appreciate it.
Obrien Brian: We pick I appreciate your flexibility, I appreciate it.
Erik Orama: Alright.
Erik Orama: Yeah, I'm happy to help you there Brian. I will send over an updated confirmation email for this and you did say Monday, correct? The thirteenth.
Obrien Brian: Yes please.
Erik Orama: Okay. Perfect. So I'll send this over to you and then again I have the notes in here on your profile but I just, I would just, you know, double-check with the guys when they show up that they are aware, excuse me. That we'll be staying within that, within that five hour mark just to make sure that the price stays there.
Obrien Brian: Yeah.
Obrien Brian: Okay.
Obrien Brian: Okay, and do you have an idea of what time they'll show up on Monday?
Erik Orama: So, the estimated time of arrival or I guess rather the arrival window that comes with those morning appointments is 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM we usually shoot for the beginning of that window so you can expect them closer to 8:30 but they will reach out to you that morning and let you know with the firm ETA.
Obrien Brian: Okay.
Obrien Brian: Awesome.
Obrien Brian: Okay, very good. Thank you so much.
Erik Orama: Yeah, happy to help Brian. We'll see you on Monday.
Obrien Brian: Take care. Bye.
