Rep: Garrison Cobe
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5290006692962304
Duration: 17.8 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 17:09 CT
Speakers: Elizabeth Kelley, Garrison Cobe

---TRANSCRIPT---

Garrison Cobe: In moving, this is garrison, how can I help you?
Elizabeth Kelley: Hi, I'm sorry. What was your name?
Garrison Cobe: Garrison.
Elizabeth Kelley: Harrison.
Garrison Cobe: With the G. But yes ma'am.
Elizabeth Kelley: Was it garrison? Thank you garrison. I'm so sorry, I'm hard to hear you now. Okay, so is this an answering service? Are you actually with Einstein?
Garrison Cobe: No, no worries.
Garrison Cobe: I am with Einstein. Yes, ma'am.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, my name is Elizabeth Kelly and we are currently moving from the woodland Texas or spring Texas to Austin and you actually moved our daughter like three years ago from luger to newer. And she gave me your number to, to maybe get a quote. I do know that we're moving from home to into storage only, and someone here told me that probably best to use in Austin moving company since that way. Then, once we move out of storage, once we find a home there, that it might be easier for you guys to move us out of storage into our new home once we find one.
Elizabeth Kelley: Does that make sense?
Garrison Cobe: I see yeah, yeah, absolutely. It does, certainly, certainly. And either which way, yeah, we'll be able to help you out here. I also have access to all of our different locations so I can kind of take a look and see which one specifically might work best in your particular scenario. So, yeah, that's no problem at all.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, do you guys come to and out of town and then move to Austin or is that, is that possible?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, that is, that is certainly possible. Of course. You know, in a scenario like that a little bit more moving parts going on but yeah, that is absolutely something we can help with essentially so long as it's within the state of Texas which is certainly is in this case, so, no worries.
Elizabeth Kelley: Yes, and we don't plan on being in the storage very long. We're just, we're in the process of finding a house. The one we just bid on just fell through. What we terminated, only cause it's had so many issues. We just didn't want to deal with it. And so this is only temporary storage. I mean, we were hoping to make it, you know, logistically just from home to home. But that didn't happen. So, we're kind of out of our window but I'm looking at an August 1st move date. Are you guys booked?
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, August see here.
Elizabeth Kelley: I know it's kind of late notice but yeah, we just have all these moving parts on our end here and.
Elizabeth Kelley: Trying to figure all this out now. I have got another quote with booking. Like, maybe two trucks, you know, four movers, I'm not sure, you know, and we've gotten rid of a lot of stuff. We're currently in a 4000 square foot house but like I said, we've gotten rid of a lot of stuff, you know, anticipating the move. So one mover was anticipating three trucks but I don't think we'd need three trucks. Definitely not.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that's definitely a great starting point to kinda, you know, take a look at here. And yeah, I will say, of course, if we're talking about a, a full 4000 square foot home, yeah, we would definitely be looking at at least three trucks but of course, considering you've gone rid of a, a good few items it sounds like two trucks should hopefully be enough but yeah, we'll definitely dig into that for sure and I will say regarding August sorry, go ahead.
Elizabeth Kelley: Yeah.
Elizabeth Kelley: We've got.
Elizabeth Kelley: Oh, we've gotten rid of a lot. We had a a media room that had five huge recliners and those have all gone, so, I, that would have probably taken a truck by itself. I'm just kidding and, and also sofas and other, you know, tables and stuff like that. So yeah, now how do, do you have a company are you, do you have a company here as well?
Garrison Cobe: Okay, awesome, awesome.
Garrison Cobe: So I'll have to take a look at your specific address here I'm not sure if we've got one at all you know, incredibly close by but what is that specific address that you'll be moving out of?
Elizabeth Kelley: A location here.
Elizabeth Kelley: Eleven Stanwick place.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, sorry one more time.
Elizabeth Kelley: Eleven and then it's Stanwick place.
Garrison Cobe: An.
Elizabeth Kelley: And it's considered spring Texas or the woodland Texas.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, yeah, perfect, let's see here.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, so I will say it looks like our closest location would actually be our Houston branch. So, let's see here.
Elizabeth Kelley: Do you, do have branches in other areas?
Garrison Cobe: We do, yeah, we're kind of spread out all throughout Texas so so, yeah, in this case, I would say it's probably best that we utilize our Houston location but of course, let me make sure they have availability before I say anything else there.
Garrison Cobe: Okay there, unfortunately, fully booked. Let's see.
Garrison Cobe: We can certainly take a look into our Austin locations as well. That said one thing I would want to mention to you before anything else is just keeping in mind because of course we would be coming from Austin making that drive out. That probably means we would be looking at an additional overnight type of scenario which does insight a, a little bit of an additional fee as well. So it's not necessarily ideal but just you know, it is an option for us here so what I can.
Elizabeth Kelley: You couldn't just leave early in the morning and show up here like at nine.
Garrison Cobe: We, unfortunately, don't get going that early in the morning our, yeah, yeah. That said though I can, I'd be more than happy to still work you up an estimate here, you know, housing this out of our Austin location kind of making that drive down and, you know, getting all those details because who knows, maybe this even is just a one day of insure in total, I could be overshooting a whole hep of a lot and, you know, we never know until we get all those details locked in. So, if you'd like.
Elizabeth Kelley: Got it.
Elizabeth Kelley: Well, even using your, even using your Houston branch, I mean, they would pick us up, they would drive us to Austin and then wouldn't they have to come back?
Garrison Cobe: They would, yeah, they would.
Elizabeth Kelley: So, either way, I mean you're looking at, you know, three directions, I mean here, there and back.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah.
Garrison Cobe: Yup, you're absolutely correct, yeah, yeah, it's just in some cases when it, yeah, certain, certain times we might see an extra overnight fee in, in particular cases which I just like to get ahead of and mentioned which of course may not be the case but, but it is certainly a possibility. But either way, yeah, let's, let's go ahead and dig into this here and see if I can get something built out for you starting with contact info. What was your first and last name?
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Elizabeth and the last name is Kelly. K-E-L-L-E-Y.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty. And is this a good callback number for you?
Elizabeth Kelley: Yeah.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect. And what's a good email address?
Elizabeth Kelley: Liz underscore K-E-L-L-E-Y. @comcast.net, I'm gonna give you two because we're leaving from here to Austin. If my, my Comcast is going to be disconnected cause there is no Comcast in Austin. So it's E, CE as in Edward, C. As in Charlie and then Kelly K-E-L-L-I. 97 @gmail.com.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect.
Garrison Cobe: And then let's see here. What is that specific address you'll be or I suppose that storage facility. Do you happen to have that address handy?
Elizabeth Kelley: I don't, only cause we're trying to secure that now and it will. Yeah, it'll probably be close to the Mealer area. I know we're looking at homes in land in DK, but you know, until we lock something down, it'll probably be closer to where my daughter lives, which is a.
Garrison Cobe: I see. Okay, no worries.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay, so that sounds good there. Now, you know, in order to kind of nail down a specific estimate for you what we like to ideally do is what we call a virtual walk through something you might have done with some of those other moving companies already but just you know, essentially a video call walking us through the home, showing us everything that needs to be moved. So that we can in fact, nail down you know, number of movers number of trucks however many hours over how many days but I understand you're currently kind of on the road so that probably isn't something we can knock out this very moment. That said, do you happen to have maybe a rough inventory list or any way that I could kind of nail down inventory in particular to kind of help out with the estimate.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, so we have a dem that has a table or credenza and shelf.
Elizabeth Kelley: Full master bedroom set with I mean, we can do a virtual tour. Want my, my, my husband can probably do it. If you, if I give you his phone number would you be able to do it?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, yeah, certainly. If, yeah, so long as anyone, someone, anyone is available. Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. But, yeah, I can go ahead and take down his number from you.
Elizabeth Kelley: You.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, 281-740-9545.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, perfect. Perfect.
Garrison Cobe: And off-hand do you happen to know a good time that he might be able to connect for that?
Elizabeth Kelley: We could probably Holly, do you guys open today or would you be well how about tomorrow morning?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, we could certainly do tomorrow morning any, any particular time in mind just yet?
Elizabeth Kelley: How about like 103011 o'clock or 11:00?
Garrison Cobe: Eleven. Okay, perfect. Let me go ahead and make note of that, okay?
Elizabeth Kelley: And so, what do you guys do, FaceTime him or how do you do a virtual?
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, yeah, so it's similar to FaceTime, not exactly FaceTime, it's an application that we utilize called live switch but it's very easy to access. We shoot you a text message, there's a link within that text, all you do is click that link and you can open it on your phone so you know any, any browser whether it's apple, Android et cetera, the app will likely just ask for access to your camera and microphone while we're just on that video call but yeah, it acts just like FaceTime wood, essentially.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, okay.
Garrison Cobe: Alright, awesome. Now, what I can certainly do here in the meantime though is I can definitely build out a very generalized estimate and I will send that to you via email here after our call just keeping in mind essentially that two truck estimate that you've kind of gotten from other moving companies, just so that you can kind of compare more so apples to apples for the meantime and then of course when tomorrow rolls around and then we've got that virtual walkthrough complete, we can give them more so, you know our own perspective on the scenario and adjust things up or down on what we think it might take but I will say, yeah, this will take me a few minutes to work up after our call here. Just keep you in mind the drive for the most part, so I won't wanna hang up on the, on the phone while I'm working on this, but I will say you should see this in your inbox. You're probably within the next ten to twenty minutes or so. And it should kind of give you a pretty good outline on the general game plan for the time being at least.
Elizabeth Kelley: Mm-hmm.
Elizabeth Kelley: Mm-hmm.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. And so here, we're going to be doing all of our own packing. Now, do you guys do a little bit of packing as far as lamps and frames and you know, TVs and.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, we can certainly do that, right. Right. So yeah, to give you an idea, yeah, absolutely. All of your furniture items, anything like TVs paintings, mirrors things of that nature. We're gonna wrap up and moving blankets and shrink wrap so head to tow front to back. So that everything is nice and protected for you throughout the move.
Elizabeth Kelley: You guys wrap all that. Okay. Yeah, and.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, so then when you move into storage, do you leave your blankets, or do you take your blankets and then wrap them with something else? Once they're in storage. How does that work?
Garrison Cobe: So, that actually would, yeah, yeah, that is actually entirely up to you. In fact so, of course, throughout the move. Everything is wrapped and protected, right? So whenever it goes into storage, we have the option to of course unwrap everything leave it just kind of, you know, as-is in there or we can do what we call a, a pad deposit. So, essentially we would leave everything wrapped up the way it is and the moving blankets and shrink wrap throughout the move just loaded into storage. That way we would technically charge you for all of the moving blankets that we utilize there and then, whenever we end up moving you out of storage or, or you move yourself out or what have you and return those blankets to us. You actually get a, of course, a full refund for, for the cost of those moving blankets. So it's effectively as they, you never paid for them to begin with, with but yeah, we can kind of go either which way with that.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. And then, do you guys supply, you guys charge extra for like wardrobe boxes.
Garrison Cobe: Things like ori boxes. Yeah, any boxes in general we would, that technically isn't part of the, you know, the typical move process we would consider that packing. So, yeah, anything like ward row boxes, tape packing, paper, things like that? We would charge additionally for those items.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. What do you guys charge for a ward Rox?
Garrison Cobe: I wouldn't want to give you the incorrect information. I do think that pricing just changed on our back end. But I'll make sure I include that within the email that I send you here as well. I'll kind of give you the full layout of, of all of our packing, supply costs.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, cause you know, I have purchased some wardrobe boxes already, but I'm, I'm probably short so they're less expensive to get from you, then I'll get them from you. If not, I'll just go on buy more.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. And, and like I said, most of the stuff is already packed and we just have to empty out a few more shelves and stuff. So, yeah, this furniture wrapped and, and TVs, we probably have one to a big ninety inch.
Elizabeth Kelley: That's going so 1234 TV.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, gotcha, gotcha.
Elizabeth Kelley: Four TVs and there's few, a few mirrors and then frames, I mean we can pack the frame I just wasn't sure how to do it so I didn't know if you guys had a better way of doing it and making sure that they're all secure.
Garrison Cobe: Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely. I will say, yeah, those can be tough tougher to pack up. Typically what we do depending of course upon the size of said frame. If it doesn't fit with one of, you know, within one of the typical packing boxes. We can sometimes kind of, do, sort almost an arts and crafts type of scenario where we kind of make shift to box for those larger pieces. But also in other cases depending again, sometimes it's more than good enough to use a couple of moving blankets and we have a good safe spot in the truck to load them as well. So, we may even not necessarily have to utilize specifically packing supplies either. But I will say generally the, those pieces can be a little bit harder to pack, absolutely.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. So if I give you just a list of like, we have a, a den dining room, a living room set with a sectional atom and a chair. And then our bedrooms that has a king size bed and two dressers, three dressers upstairs. Probably a desk, another sofa, a poker table there. Again, a lot of this stuff is listed on marketplace and so it could, it could go by the time we leave. So of course hopefully you'll deduct that on the move. If we do sell them.
Elizabeth Kelley: And then informal dining room, she but choose just a six chairs and a buffet table kind of thing. And then a buffet it table in the entry way and that's it. Oh, in the garage and the garage which we've gotten rid of a lot of stuff in the garage and then outside we have on pet of a table with four chairs and then a patio set with cushions and two chairs in the little table, that's it.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Okay, perfect then yeah, yeah, I can certainly utilize that. In the meantime to, to kind of help with that baseline estimate for now. That would be no problem at all. That's perfect.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. Alrighty, I'll wait for your estimate and hopefully it's within range or to doable.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Yes ma'am. Absolutely, absolutely. And of course, like I said, you should see that within your inbox here within ten to twenty minutes or so. And if you have any questions from there. In the meantime, of course, feel free to give us a callback or you can even respond directly to that email. That'll go straight to us so we can get back to you from there.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, great. I appreciate your help garrison, thank you.
Garrison Cobe: Yes ma'am. No problem at all. You have a good one.
Elizabeth Kelley: Uh-huh, you too. Bye-bye.
Garrison Cobe: Bye-bye.
