Rep: Garrison Cobe
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6018883782385664
Duration: 5.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 19:24 CT
Speakers: Elizabeth Kelley, Garrison Cobe

---TRANSCRIPT---

Elizabeth Kelley: This is Elizabeth.
Garrison Cobe: Hey, Elizabeth, it's garrison with Einstein Moving Company. How are you doing?
Elizabeth Kelley: I'm doing well. How are you? Sorry to bother you again.
Garrison Cobe: So no, no, no worries at all. I was just returning your call here. I understand you were connected with another one of our reps. So yeah, I just wanted to give you a callback here.
Elizabeth Kelley: Yeah, they said you actually lunch. I told him I could wait but okay. So, my daughter brought to my attention that we can and I was just wanting to check to see it's a Houston location had availability for August 2nd.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, I see here.
Elizabeth Kelley: We just, we just have to be out of our home by the third so, even if you were to pack us up and move us in one day, I mean that's gonna be fine. I don't think it's gonna take more than one day.
Garrison Cobe: I see. Okay, well yeah, now we certainly do have availability on the second through Houston. One thing I did wanna mention though interestingly enough. I did take, take a quick look into this it's actually a little bit more expensive I believe or not to go through our Houston location because your old address over in spring they that sees a trip fee coming out of our Houston location as well. So, essentially if we were to go through our Houston location we're actually not necessarily doubling up on trip fees but the overall trip fee is more expensive than if we were to go through our south Austin location. So, we do have the availability.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Alright, yeah.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, that doesn't make sense to me. But yeah, yeah, no, whatever it makes at least expensive. I just thought maybe if you had availability on the second maybe it might be less if we went through Houston but I guess you're saying it's not.
Garrison Cobe: Right.
Garrison Cobe: I think ultimately good. It actually would be better in fact to go through our Austin location. Yeah, with kind of the game plan we're looking at here anyway. Yeah, yeah, now the only other thing I did want to touch base with you on is just to confirm, I know you kinda gave me that inventory list on our, on our initial call but did we want to go ahead and move forward with that virtual walkthrough for tomorrow morning anyway, just to kind of confirm everything that we have on this list here.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Yes I have put it on my, on our family calendar and my husband will be available. I have to work tomorrow but yes, he'll be available and he can tell you what, what's going and what's not.
Garrison Cobe: Okay.
Garrison Cobe: Okay, perfect.
Garrison Cobe: Okay. Fantastic. Then yeah, we can nail everything down for certain after 11:00 AM tomorrow. And, yeah, if anything changes drastically I will definitely, I mean, well, either which way I'll make sure to update you on, on the game plan if anything changes in any, which way. But perfect, I'll make sure I definitely have this locked in on my calendar here and I've got notes on dates as well for you guys. So everything should be all good otherwise yeah, go ahead.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: So, so, so on your end it will just, it, it's still scheduled for this first if we go with you.
Garrison Cobe: So the, I at least as of right now this is again kind of typically something we would break up into two days mainly just concerning the drive but yeah, if it does look like we would change that at any point from that virtual walkthrough tomorrow I will let you know but as of right now the general game plan is, is essentially this we would drive out to spring you know first thing in the morning as early as we can make our way out there load everything up and then we would drive back to Austin to kind of avoid that overnight trip or that overnight fee. But what we would do is we would lock up our trucks hold them at our office location overnight. So that day one we were just head right back to the office head home from there because by then, then it would probably be pretty Dan late in the evening and then first thing the following morning is when we would then unload everything over into your storage unit and get out of your hair from there yeah, yeah.
Elizabeth Kelley: Mm-hmm.
Elizabeth Kelley: Uh-huh.
Elizabeth Kelley: George. Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, so that's considered a two day move rather than a one day move or so is that gonna add more expense?
Garrison Cobe: So it doesn't add any, any additional cost. We actually hold, we're, we're, hold the trucks overnight at no, no additional costs. So you don't see any fees or anything like that. So yeah, although it's technically classified as, you know, two days. It's not as though you're paying anything additional necessarily for that.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay. Alrighty, that sounds, that sounds great. Okay, keep as low as you can cause this is like, we've always been re low moves with companies and so this is the first time we've had the two on our own and we're just like, who had no idea what was going on so, but, yeah.
Garrison Cobe: Yeah, yeah, no, I hear you well, yeah, if you have any questions like please please feel free to ask. I completely understand that the move process is already stressful and confusing as it is. So yeah, if anything is confusing or unclear, I mean we're more than happy to help, absolutely.
Elizabeth Kelley: Yeah.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, I appreciate you garrison, thank you so much and I'll let my husband know to be available at eleven, correct?
Garrison Cobe: Yes ma'am. Tomorrow morning at eleven.
Elizabeth Kelley: Okay, sounds great. Okay, looking forward to it. Thank you. Bye.
Garrison Cobe: Alrighty. Yes ma'am. Have a good one. Bye-bye.
Elizabeth Kelley: You too bye-bye.
