Rep: Grant Hardison
Branch: Garland Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4875410995879936
Duration: 5.6 min
Datetime: 2026-07-09 15:21 CT
Speakers: Gary Sieburg AB, Grant Hardison

---TRANSCRIPT---

Grant Hardison: Moving company, this is grant.
Gary Sieburg AB: Yeah, I was returning a call from Anne I don't know if I have a move coming up.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha. What day are you booked for?
Gary Sieburg AB: The 22nd of July.
Grant Hardison: And what's your name?
Gary Sieburg AB: Gary, Seaberg Gary.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha Gary, I see your profile here.
Grant Hardison: Did you auto book this moved?
Gary Sieburg AB: I did it online.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, good deal. Yeah, yeah we were just, we were bugging you to confirm all the details for that just to make sure everything's set up properly so I'll go ahead and jump into it. Looks like we're gonna start your move at 6118. Show creek trail in Garland, Texas and then move everything 21022 split rock drive in Allen, is that right?
Gary Sieburg AB: Is that what you're meaning?
Gary Sieburg AB: Yeah.
Gary Sieburg AB: Correct.
Grant Hardison: Okay. Any other stuff for the move?
Gary Sieburg AB: No.
Grant Hardison: Alright. The location that we're starting at, that's listed as a 2300 square foot, two story, three bedroom house is all of that accurate.
Gary Sieburg AB: It's a townhome.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha. 2300 square feet, two stories and three bedrooms. Okay. And then I'm assuming we're moving the living room, dining room stuff.
Gary Sieburg AB: Yes.
Gary Sieburg AB: Living, there's no dining. Well, I got, I donated the dining room table so it's gone, but there's a, I guess you call it. I can't think of the name of it. It's a piece of furniture behind it. That's pretty heavy.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, like a credenza.
Gary Sieburg AB: It's not really a credenza either, but anyway it's like that. Yeah.
Grant Hardison: Okay. And then are there any other areas for spaces like a garage, backyard or anything like that we're pulling stuff from?
Gary Sieburg AB: Yes, the garage. I also have some pots on the patio.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, the garage? What's it look like in there?
Gary Sieburg AB: Well I put some boxes in there already it's but it's a two car garage so.
Gary Sieburg AB: Just pretty normal.
Grant Hardison: Before you, before you put those boxes in there, were you able to fit two cars into the garage like wasn't used for for storage or something like that.
Gary Sieburg AB: It's really difficult to, with what I've got in there to put two cars in there, I just put one in there.
Gary Sieburg AB: It's not a mess in the garage.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha.
Grant Hardison: Understood and for parking here we drive big 26 foot box trucks. I'm assuming we'll park in the street, maybe back into the driveway, be like 1520 feet away from the front door.
Gary Sieburg AB: You get back into the driveway right up to the garage. In fact, I think that's probably gonna be for most things will be the easiest way to go. Some things you may have to take through the side door. I have a pretty, I think one of the toughest will be, I have a duck desk upstairs. It's pretty heavy and it's fairly tight corner.
Grant Hardison: Okay, and then any note where the like where were moving like a Washer/Dryer fridge or kind of equipment or more anything like that?
Gary Sieburg AB: Washer and dryer. Yeah, the fridge is staying the washer and dryer goes that's right by the garage.
Grant Hardison: Okay, and then for your boxes, so typically, in a 2300 square foot house, we'll see anywhere from a hundred to a 120 boxes to move. Do you think you'll fall within that range?
Gary Sieburg AB: I don't think so. I don't think it's gonna be that many. I've downsized a lot, I'd say more like.
Grant Hardison: Okay.
Gary Sieburg AB: At most forty or fifty boxes.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, about half of that.
Gary Sieburg AB: Yeah.
Grant Hardison: And the place that we're moving you to kinda, looks like the same setup townhome about 2300 square feet, two stories parking the same here, as well as the load up.
Gary Sieburg AB: There very similar, yeah, you would come through the garage there, there's a nice area, big area back there and the garage is currently empty. So, you know, it's pretty clear.
Grant Hardison: Gotcha, sounds like a plan. Right, that is everything I wanted to confirm with you. It looks like the system gave you a quote of six hours and 45 minutes. Typically 2300 square foot town homes take anywhere from six to eight hours to move locally based on what we've talked about. I think leaving yet that six between the 6:00 to seven hour rate.
Gary Sieburg AB: I wanted to confirm.
Gary Sieburg AB: Hours. Uh-huh.
Gary Sieburg AB: Okay. And then you're going to have four guys here, right?
Gary Sieburg AB: Hello, what happened?
Gary Sieburg AB: I'm still connected but I don't hear any.
