Rep: Hector Zavala
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4726772449615872
Duration: 13.8 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 21:06 CT
Speakers: Hector Zavala, Hunter Sinclair

---TRANSCRIPT---

Hector Zavala: Hello, this is Hector with Einstein moving, how may I help you?
Hunter Sinclair: Hi! I have a move scheduled for Tuesday morning with you guys and I had emailed in some pictures of the driveway of the house that we're moving to.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Got you.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hunter Sinclair: Just to make sure that whatever trucks the guys bring are going to it down the, make it down the driveway kind of thing. Cause it's gonna be a probably a big problem if they have to like park on the street and move it in from there. So I just wanted to verify that was gonna work beforehand before we get everything packed onto the trucks. And then discover that it's not gonna work when we get air kind of thing, so.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm understood, so to that end, whenever it comes to our truck sizes we only have the one size and that's gonna be the kind of like larger box trucks at the 26 foot long ones. So to that end, whenever it does come to like, driveways with tight curvature or, you know, slopes that are like too steep and like, that might make it a little bit difficult for our trucks to make it up that driveway. Let me see if I could get in cause I managing out of the south Austin branch. So let me see if I can get access to the north Austin email to where I can potentially see those images, one second.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Into that end, whenever it comes to we do have two trucks coming out to take care of you move, and then essentially a total of five movers so to that end.
Hector Zavala: If say worst comes to worst and they did have to walk the driveway about how long would you say that is.
Hunter Sinclair: Probably, 200 foot to the, from the street to the front door. Maybe more, maybe a little bit more 20200 between probably 20300 foot.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Understood. So quite, quite a bit check there.
Hunter Sinclair: Yeah, it's a good way. It's an acre, it's an acre property. And the house is basically in the middle of it so we can kind of figure it out there. So it, it's, and, you know, it, it's not as like, the walk isn't as pro, as much of a problem is the slope, like, for them to like, actually move stuff down the slope. Whether they've got Dolly or not, it's step enough, where it's more of a problem to walk on it than it is to, to, to, to drive a vehicle on it. So, I don't think it would, I would probably want to like find maybe a mover that has a truck that would fit, rather than.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, mm-hmm mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha.
Hunter Sinclair: Then have you guys do something that doesn't, that's not gonna work cause I just, I don't, I just don't see it being feasible there's not a whole lot of room out on the street either you'd basically be parking in the street cause like there's no shoulder at the road to park on. So it's, there's not really a whole lot of, whole lot of auctions if you can't make it down the driveway I think it's like I think there's there's, it's not like it's too tight or anything and I don't think that the clearance for like trees or anything is an issue I think main mainly it's the slope I'm concerned with on clearing at the top of the driveway kind of like I don't know how much.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha.
Hector Zavala: Understood.
Hunter Sinclair: Road clearance, the truck has like under it. You know, between the wheels. Like, cause if you know how like at a steep driveway it comes up the top and then it flatten out. If you go straight over it you could bottom out the middle of, you know, between the wheels or something. Unless you come at an angle, or something. So, I know why. To ask them if like, I don't know if they had somebody in the area up a job or something and they could swing by and just, you know, see if the vehicle would fit.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm, yes sir.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, that, that's kind of what I'm thinking is more so as like before we actually, you know, get to do it performing your move is that like, I would try to see if we can Manue for the truck. And that is the 1804 brushy re, Bry creek, sorry, there's no creek brushy Ben drive, right?
Hunter Sinclair: Yeah, that's right.
Hector Zavala: Okay, cool, cool. I am trying to see the Google image as well that's a little blurred out there.
Hunter Sinclair: Google image.
Hector Zavala: From the Google Street view.
Hunter Sinclair: Oh, Street people. Yeah, I wouldn't, do you want me to just forward you this email? Can, can I forward it to like a different.
Hector Zavala: Actually, that'd be great cause right now I'm current. Well, I did, I did.
Hunter Sinclair: You're cutting, you're cutting, you're cutting out a little bit. I don't know if it's near you but.
Hector Zavala: Okay, gotcha. Can you hear me a little bit better now?
Hunter Sinclair: No, it's all like, it's all weird and staticky or, or like cutting out.
Hector Zavala: So sorry. Can you hear me a little bit better now?
Hunter Sinclair: But the, oh, yeah, that's much clear what's your email?
Hector Zavala: Okay, awesome. Sure! It's gonna be south Austin @einsteinmoving.com is like that's the branch that I'm managing out of. Once you send that I should be able to see if.
Hector Zavala: Sure, I'm also searching their, oh, wait, wait, wait, I found it. Sorry, it was buried.
Hunter Sinclair: Yeah.
Hector Zavala: Okay, I did manage to find her email.
Hunter Sinclair: What's that? You switch.
Hunter Sinclair: Oh, okay. Yeah, you switch back to the weird microphone Austin. I'm, do you need me to, so you don't need me to forward this to you.
Hector Zavala: I'm so sorry about that. I wonder why there's being.
Hector Zavala: No, as I see the images now, okay.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay.
Hunter Sinclair: But I tried to send a few different angles at it.
Hunter Sinclair: The top of the driveway, cause I think that that's probably the most deep part of it.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: By the looks of it. Luckily the driveway is wide enough that I do believe that it should definitely, yeah.
Hunter Sinclair: Oh, it's definitely wide enough and I think Paul up but it's really just the slope. I mean, luckily, the trucks are going to be coming out with an empty truck. So I don't know that the weight is too big of an issue. But I'll, the, you know, the, I'm just worried about like coming out in the clearance and stuff of it, so I like, I have like propane tanks, you know, trucks that come down the driveway to fill up the propane tank and stuff. So, like, I've had like, they have big trucks that come in but.
Hector Zavala: Understood.
Hunter Sinclair: You know, I just don't know what the clearance and stuff is on a 26 footer and if you know what, how that might.
Hector Zavala: Yes sir. So looking at the driveway and I, and I do have experience with driving the trucks myself as well. It is wide enough to wear the movers. And especially with the coverage you're kinda like going towards the house at the end is like they're likely gonna need to take an angle the.
Hunter Sinclair: You know how that might work.
Hector Zavala: Kind of area of concern as it were and I'm sure that it is for you as well. It kinda, at once the driveway meet meets the road like that pitches like a little steep there. But if we do kinda like, back in add an angled, then that shouldn't be an issue. It's not like we're going to be backing up straight that way. Either another kind of potential issue that I see is that there are some kind of, like overhanging trees that might make it to where we won't be able to backup completely in the driveway. But at least at that and the movers will still be able to get the truck closer to the home to where you, they would necessarily have to as far tomorrow.
Hunter Sinclair: Sorry, sorry, sorry. It just, it just switch back to the broken up like there at the end of your.
Hector Zavala: Breaking out, man. I wonder what's going on, so sorry about that, I appreciate your patience.
Hunter Sinclair: Yeah, no, no worries. I just missed, I missed the end of it. It's still on the static key thing but you said that there was some branches that are over hanging.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, for, I don't necessarily see us being able to back it up all the way to the house Perse, it looks like there's some kind of sloped overhanging trees that might be a little short for our taller trucks. But as far as accessing your driveway and getting the trucks into the driveway, I don't see.
Hector Zavala: That being an issue to where our trucks wouldn't be able to, to handle it. In my experience we've definitely dealt with a lot tighter driveways and I.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay. So what should we yeah, I'm still having a hard time hearing you a bit but what's, what should we do from the, like, should, should we go to the, should we go over to the, that house first to just try the trucks out beforehand, before loading them at the, at the other house.
Hector Zavala: What I'm gonna, I'm planning on doing is I'm gonna contact the branch manager for the north Austin branch. They're the ones that are taking care of your move to where ideally if we have a truck that's in the area on Monday we can, or even Sunday we can get that scoped out for you beforehand just so that any contention on move day is settled.
Hunter Sinclair: Oh, okay. Yeah, I missed the date and time but what time?
Hector Zavala: Of course, I'm going to recommend either tomorrow or not Sunday or Monday. I think that Saturday is going to be kind of busy to get that accommodated but either Sunday or Monday I'll have the branch manager send out a crew to where we can get eyes on whether or not the truck will have any complications with that driveway. I upload.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay. Yeah, that'd be great. I mean, they, they, gate, the gates will be open for the weekend and on Monday, as well we close on Monday. So we'll have, we'll have access to it then as well. But the, but the gate will be open regardless. So if they want to bring a truck and try it, they can, at any point we don't need to be there for that and my, my recommendation would be to basically back the truck in from.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hunter Sinclair: You look at the fourth picture there. Basically from that angle like backing in, in that way so that you can kind of come in at an angle, and then goes down with the angle of the driveway.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, that's what I'm thinking too.
Hunter Sinclair: Yeah, and then as you start going down, you kinda can go a little bit to the, to the right so that you avoid some of those, there's some slow like, slightly lower hanging branches on the left side of that driveway. As you're looking down it but you can kind of, you can kind of push through them. They're not like big branches but, but you can also just edge for more to the right and then kind of angle back and then the rest of the way is clear clear all the way down to the, to the garage door which is at the end of the driveway.
Hector Zavala: Yeah.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha.
Hector Zavala: Awesome.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay. Well, yeah, let me know I guess and then if you could just let the branch manager or somebody know to just text me or send me an email and let me know that everything looks good for our move and that should work.
Hector Zavala: For sure.
Hector Zavala: Absolutely, I'll do that and if anything, I'm also gonna make the recommendation is like, once we get a truck into the driveway just kind of taking a picture just so that you, you have that verification as well.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay. Yeah, if you're coming out of the driveway and you have more than person like a vehicle. Just one of them go to the road and just make sure it's clear so you don't have to stop at the top of the driveway and check for traffic before coming out. Cause stopping and restarting at the top, you can, you might spend your wheels a bit cause.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha. Yeah, that slope there.
Hunter Sinclair: It's, you're sitting on this slope so it's a little easier to just kind of come out in one shot.
Hector Zavala: Okay, definitely. And yes, we do have that practice of with our co pilots. They'll, there'll be a spotter for the truck just to avoid any complications.
Hunter Sinclair: Okay, perfect. Alright, thanks, I appreciate your help.
Hector Zavala: Alrighty boss, man. Bye. Yes, sir, I appreciate your time and we'll get that situated for you.
Hunter Sinclair: Alright, sounds good. Thanks. Bye.
Hector Zavala: Have a good one. Bye.
Hunter Sinclair: Bye.
