Rep: Hector Zavala
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5187275194048512
Duration: 13.5 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 20:45 CT
Speakers: Edward Riley, Hector Zavala

---TRANSCRIPT---

Hector Zavala: Hello, this is Hector with Einstein moving, how may I help you?
Edward Riley: Hello. Yeah I was looking for a quote to move probably about September 8th.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, gotcha that being part enough in advance that we definitely should have plenty on a briefing room to get you onto the schedule to that end. Are you going to be stay moving here within the Austin area or are we moving to out of town? Okay.
Edward Riley: Yes, it's no, it's Austin.
Hector Zavala: Okay. Awesome. Awesome. And then what size home are we going to be moving for you?
Edward Riley: It's a 700 square foot apartment.
Hector Zavala: Okay, so that's a one bedroom apartment.
Edward Riley: Yeah, and then I'll be moving into one that's slightly smaller like 693 or something.
Hector Zavala: Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha, no worries there. So what I will go ahead and do is create a move profile for you I'll get your email as well is that will be what we send our estimate to once I do that I'll get the address locations just to make sure of whether or not there might be a trip fee, get the inventory just to kind of determine how long the move will take and then I can provide you that personalized estimate afterwards. Sound like a plan. Alrighty and then we have on our caller ID Edward Riley. Is that accurate?
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Yes, I called, I contacted a few years ago that I was going to be moving but I never went through with it.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, gotcha, no worries there. Well, thank you so much for giving us a callback and see who we can approve ourselves. Alright, and, and then what would be the best email to send our information to.
Edward Riley: It'll be. Let me spell it out for you. It's K-E-V-I-N-A T-O-R-T-E-X it's all one work Kevin tech @gmail.com.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: I like that. I like that email there.
Edward Riley: Yeah, I had two me too many nights with the terminator com converted it to cabinet.
Hector Zavala: Yup. Yup. Hey, it works. It's like.
Hector Zavala: It makes it memorable for sure.
Edward Riley: How are you?
Hector Zavala: Alright. And then what is going to be our starting address where we're picking items up from?
Edward Riley: It'll be 10610 Morado circle apartment number 734 Austin. 78759.
Hector Zavala: Alright.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic. And then what floor is your apartment going to be on?
Edward Riley: This is the third floor?
Hector Zavala: Third floor. Gotcha, gotcha and is there any elevator access or is it strictly stairs.
Edward Riley: This is all stairs here?
Hector Zavala: Okay, no worries.
Hector Zavala: And then from where, we can park our trucks to your unit, are you familiar with how long of a walk that might be?
Edward Riley: Oh, you can park right out in front of the stairs and it'll just be the actual lights upstairs that you go up and down. You can pull up to the.
Hector Zavala: Okay, cool, cool, cool, awesome. Just wanted to make sure that there wasn't there.
Edward Riley: Yeah, you can pull up right on the curb there.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic. Yeah, just we wanna double-check and with apartments. So like, sometimes they can have some really long lock, so I just wanted to be sure. Okay.
Edward Riley: Oh, yeah.
Hector Zavala: Alrighty. And then generally for a one bedroom apartment we experience around fifteen to 25 boxes. Does that sound accurate to you at all or do you have any more or less?
Edward Riley: Yeah, it might be. I think that's about right. I'm thinking maybe to overestimate, maybe thirty.
Hector Zavala: Okay, gotcha. Gotcha, no worries there. It's like, we always like to lean mark. No problem, well honestly that we find a better practice to kind of lean more so on the conservative side just to make sure that there's no surprises in the overall budget but if we do come less than the expected timeframe that's estimated for your move and that's all that you're going to be paying for within fifteen minute increments. But I'll explain that process here shortly.
Edward Riley: Hopefully not that many.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Alright. And then we're moving you to an apartment again a one bedroom, slightly smaller. What is going to be the address that we're bringing you to?
Edward Riley: It'll be 3100 Kramer lane. It's K-R. A. M. E. R. Lane.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha and then the unit number.
Edward Riley: And it's 501.
Hector Zavala: Okay. Awesome. And then what floor is this one going to be on?
Edward Riley: That'd be a fifth floor and they do have an elevator. And I think they have a special loading and unloading zone, I have to double-check that.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha.
Hector Zavala: Okay, to that end, are you going to have to reserve a timeframe or?
Edward Riley: Yeah, I'll have to tell them so they cause they have an, an elevator that they can hold and then I'd have to let them know and coordinate with you all.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Awesome. Alright.
Hector Zavala: Understood, no worries there. I'll make a note here and then I know that it's still pretty far out, it's like do you know where your unit will be within the complex. Are we still kinda needing to determine that?
Edward Riley: No, it's up, it's up on the fifth floor. It's on the end. No, I'm not real sure. It's.
Hector Zavala: Do you know how far it is from the elevator? Oh, on the end. Okay.
Edward Riley: I got kinda lost walking around in there. But that's, it's, I think it's probably like down one big hallway to the end of the hallway and it'll be the corner apartment.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, that happens sometimes.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Understood. I'll make a note here, just the.
Edward Riley: There is some, there is an extras from the top of the garage parking, but I don't think you all would be able to get up on that level.
Hector Zavala: Yeah, unfortunately, yeah, with our tracks that they are the, yeah, it's like they tend to be too tall for the parking garages and it's like we don't want to worry about it.
Edward Riley: And then probably be in.
Edward Riley: Yeah, go ahead.
Edward Riley: Oh, yeah, I don't, yeah. I don't think that would be okay. Yeah, and it'll have to be the elevator.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, gotcha, no worries there. Okay and then just kinda overview your inventory now starting with your bedroom. What all do we have in there?
Edward Riley: I have just the, it's like a full-size bed and then the dresser drawer and there's a small weight bench and some weights.
Hector Zavala: There cool. Okay.
Hector Zavala: Alright.
Edward Riley: It's probably about it as far as furniture.
Hector Zavala: Do we have any like couches in the living room or anything like that?
Edward Riley: Yeah, there's one couch.
Hector Zavala: Yup.
Hector Zavala: Do we have any TV or computer monitors you'll be needing assistance with?
Edward Riley: Just the TV, it's a 42 inch.
Hector Zavala: Alright. Is that mounted to the wall or sitting on top of the furniture item?
Edward Riley: No, I have it on top of a table.
Hector Zavala: Gotcha, gotcha. Alright.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: And then do we have a, well, actually, let me finish going through the apartment, then I can answer that or ask that question. Do we have anything else as far as like a kitchen table, or like storage cabinets, bar stools anything like that?
Edward Riley: There's a small breakfast table and, or the kitchen. There's nothing in there. I don't have any appliances or anything.
Hector Zavala: Mm-hmm.
Hector Zavala: Fantastic.
Hector Zavala: And then do you have any like a thing that would need removed from the walls like pictures, mirrors, curtain rows, anything like that?
Edward Riley: No.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Alrighty. So luckily looking at both of the address locations you are within our free travel zone so there's not gonna be any trip fee to worry about in that regard. So the only thing that's contributing to the overall cost of your bill is essentially just however long it takes our movers to accomplish your move and whenever it comes to a one bedroom apartment, generally in our experience that'll last anywhere between two and a half hours to three and a half hours. And so to that end I am gonna lean a little bit more. So on the higher end of that range, I'm thinking more along the lines of maybe like three and a quarter hours so about three hours and fifteen minutes just more. So, because I'm leaning on the conservative side for that walk in the apartment and let's see.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Numbers plugged in for you.
Hector Zavala: Okay. And then so the hourly rate is going to be $103 per mover and we do send out two movers to accomplish remove just to make sure that we can accommodate larger furniture items being too. Man carried. So, at to that end, the hourly rate is going to be $206 for both for, you know, adding those two movers together per hour. And then for the estimate, we have the, it's at three and a quarter hours. So 3.25 and so, to that extent, we have the total estimate set at around $700 or forgive me $669.50. So the way that your bill works out on move day. We do have a two and a half hour minimum, that'll total to be at around $515.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Hector Zavala: And after the two and a half hours pass we do keep track of your bill and prorated fifteen minute increments. So to that effect you're only gonna be paying for the amount of time that is actually necessary to accomplish your move. Does that make sense?
Edward Riley: Uh-huh. Okay.
Hector Zavala: Awesome, awesome.
Hector Zavala: And to get onto our schedule there's no down deposits required or anything like that and then if you, once you do decide to schedule with us if you need to cancel or make any rescheduling, there's not any fees for that either. And then if you do decide to move with us, I'm signed for each and every move we perform we provide our no worries damage coverage and that's a $2,000 evaluation coverage that we use to either refurbish replace or fairly compensate you if we do have any accidents with your belongings during your move and that also covers the doors, floors, and walls and both of the apartment units. So to that end, if our movers have any accidents granted is like they're all trained in in-house and we have the almost confidence in them but we have that policy in place just to make sure we can go above and beyond to take care of you. If anything happens does that make sense.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Okay, yeah.
Hector Zavala: Awesome, awesome. And of course you're not paying anything extra for that. That's already built into your estimate. So, is that we already have that policy lined up for you blah and it, and I'm sure it's like with that being far enough out in advance is like, there's really no pressure to get onto our schedule yet. At least is like, once we kind of get perhaps around two to three weeks out from that move date, that's whenever it's going to get a lot more competitive to get onto our schedule.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Uh-huh.
Edward Riley: Oh, okay. Well I'll, I'm, I'll probably make my decision by next week and if I decide to go with you, I'll, you know, you'll hear back from me way before the move date, okay.
Hector Zavala: Okay.
Hector Zavala: Of course, we appreciate your diligence and not leaving it up to the last minute. That definitely helps for sure.
Hector Zavala: Alrighty, absolutely. Yeah, but that's why it's like we, you know, that's why we're here cause like there's so many complications throughout life as like moving being such a large endeavors like we definitely strive to help you all out in that regard. Okay, so for your estimate I'll go ahead and send it over to your email at or text @gmail.com and then it'll just have a follow up question. I was like if there's any other inventory that you'd like to add that we might have forgotten in this conversation. Then last question being on if you're ready to book and once you answer those questions and we'll work on getting you onto the schedule.
Edward Riley: Yup, there's so many things to do.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Okay.
Edward Riley: Okay, well, I appreciate your help sir. And I'll be in contact.
Hector Zavala: Absolutely, no worries. My absolute pleasure and you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Edward Riley: Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.
Hector Zavala: Absolutely, bye.
