Rep: Jack Davis
Branch: Garland Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5036470606962688
Duration: 5.2 min
Datetime: 2026-07-07 16:13 CT
Speakers: Alexis Ardissone, Jack Davis

---TRANSCRIPT---

Alexis Ardissone: Hello.
Jack Davis: Hey, this is Jack with Einstein Moving Company. Is this Alexis?
Alexis Ardissone: Hey Jack. Yes, it is. How are you?
Jack Davis: Doing good. Sorry that we, that I missed you yesterday. Just wanted to, to talk to you about your move and everything.
Alexis Ardissone: Oh, yeah, no problem. Thanks for calling me back. Sorry we're playing phone tag yesterday.
Jack Davis: Yeah, I know. I'm so sorry about that but and then I also was trying to find some of your previous moves. I didn't see any previous moves just because I was trying to get as much context as I, you know, possibly could or they under like a different name or.
Alexis Ardissone: Oh, yeah.
Alexis Ardissone: They might, I might have booked it under either my name, my parents team beforehand but I might have booked at a different location. I think it's the first time I've used the Garland one but I've used Jos Dallas location. I think maybe before cause I lived in uptown last time I moved with you all. But yeah, I just, I talked to the galley answers all yesterday and she sent me over an email to put the claim in for the broken chair. So, I'll just go ahead and submit that information there and then we just felt like it took a lot longer than it needed to we took a part, a lot of our furniture. We put our mattresses and bags we had brought everything downstairs. I mean it was a pretty small town home and it took about four hours to.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool.
Alexis Ardissone: To get everything out of there. So it was just like, it was taking a lot longer than I think it really should have. So we just, we didn't like that because you know, it is eight hourly and we were trying to, to see, do set us up for success and see how much we could do beforehand, that way it wasn't gonna cost us a whole bunch but it just, it was a slow process and the guys were wonderful, they polite, they're, you know respectful all the things. But it was just, it took a really long time and so we're just a little bit frustrated by that. That was really the feedback that we wanted to provide.
Jack Davis: And I, it, I heard some was there like phone, like phone usage was that, did I hear that correctly from one of our reps so that you saw them on the phone because one, it looks like it saw look so, we went under quote but I see that obviously a lot of that can be due to the fact that you all, you know, staged and prepped and, and did a lot of that stuff. So obviously, you know, regardless of that, regardless the quote, they should going fast and, and moving as you know, as fast as possible. But especially if someone's, you know, on their phone, that's absolutely not acceptable. I need to need to hear that. So that I can go ahead and, and coach them and, and, and make sure that doesn't happen. So, is that, is that true, was one of them on their, on their phone a lot.
Alexis Ardissone: Yes, and I think his name was Brock, he was on his phone I just headphones and then was just moving a little bit slower because of that I think so yeah, I think no, no, no harm, no Fille. Just the slowness of it. I think was the problem there and we, and we, when I reported the quote in the very beginning when I booked the move. I figured I was going to have a lot more boxes. We ended up bringing all of our boxes ourselves. So everything that was there was just simply furniture. So, it just, it took a lot longer than we anticipated. It should have probably taken half the time. I, I've seen you all have been super quick before and it's taking, you know, a lot less time than plan. So, yeah, that was just the feedback there.
Jack Davis: Okay.
Jack Davis: Gotcha. Well, what I wanna do to make sure obviously the damages are going to go get they, they'll get taken care of separate from that. What I'll, what I'll do to, to hopefully, you know, make some things is I wanna take at least just about an hour off of the time I can give you know a $200 or a $200 and where you at $210 or whatever hourly rate, right? But I'll discount an hour of time I can refund that to your card cause obviously.
Alexis Ardissone: Okay, that'd be great.
Jack Davis: He was a little, should have been faster and especially if you're noting that they're on the phone or moving slow you know, with three P, customers they, you know, know, the bar is, is high and that's got to be better. I, I've recently kinda took over here in Garland. So working on you know, trying to get these you know, guys you know, faster and mover and, and high-quality like you know, that we can do. So, that's definitely some feedback I'll be getting to Brock cause that's not acceptable that should be happening, so I'm not out there. So, I, you know, can't always see it, so I really appreciate you letting us know these issues that we can get them corrected and then was, were there any other, was it just a chair over there other any, like, damages and stuff with the, move.
Alexis Ardissone: It was just the chair and yeah, I'll go, I'll go ahead and submit that today. But no, I just really appreciate you taking the time to call and talk through that and appreciate the hour back. That's really nice. Thank you.
Jack Davis: Of course, and yup. Sorry about that again. You know, we'd love, you know, we love, wanna make it right, wanna make sure that if you know, ever need to move again that you know, we, you know, stay in your good graces and that you know, next time I'll have all sorts of notes and you know we'll make sure that everything goes way smoother and way way better next time if you were to continue using us.
Alexis Ardissone: Thank you, I appreciate your time.
Jack Davis: Alright, thank you, Alexis, and have a great day.
Alexis Ardissone: Yes, you as well. Bye-bye.
Jack Davis: Alright, bye-bye.
