Rep: Jack Davis
Branch: McKinney Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5396332165144576
Duration: 13.4 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 15:20 CT
Speakers: Jack Davis, Jonatha Clausen

---TRANSCRIPT---

Jonatha Clausen: I don't like this one.
Jack Davis: Hey, this is Jack with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you out today?
Jonatha Clausen: Hey what did you say your first name was? Hey Jack, this is John. I am calling because we recently down here to prosper and our pods are showing up on the sixteenth and so I was needing to get a just labor unload only. And I was seeing what your guys' rates were and what's your availability were like.
Jack Davis: Jack.
Jack Davis: Yes, sir. So you said you were looking for the sixteenth, is that right?
Jonatha Clausen: The sixteenth yes, sir.
Jack Davis: Let me check that first.
Jack Davis: And even if we're just unloading basically the way that our pricing works is that we just completely work based on time. And even if it's just unloading that would obviously be faster but it was still being bring our truck, all of our equipment, all that stuff basically we charge $200 an hour of $100 an hour per person.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Yes.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Alright. It might, it might be worth. The only reason I'm saying is, is it might be worth doing three or four guys. The reason I say that is there's three pods coming but what we're gonna do is we're actually to send some of the stuff to go back into one pod, pretty much already. Half the stuff in that pod is gonna stay but then we put some other stuff in there that we're knocking unload cause we're in a, we're at a rental Houseright now. And we're looking at buying a house in the next year. So my wife and I really do let's not unload stuff that we know what we're talking about use here. You know what I mean? Cause we moved from far but, but.
Jack Davis: Mm-hmm.
Jack Davis: Yeah.
Jack Davis: And you all are gonna leave that in a, in a pod or are we gonna take some of that to a storage unit or you said you're leaving in about.
Jonatha Clausen: In the pod, so, we're gonna, I'm thinking we're leaving in a pod and send it back to the pod storage yard. I mean, I've heard of that in the past, are you familiar with that?
Jack Davis: I have seen it in the past. Yeah, I've seen it in the past, we've had to pickup units from the pod storage art. It's viewing far between, but we have done it before.
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, and okay. Okay. Well any other reason is I have a, a gun safe and he's gonna unload it. It's like a three of three man hall two.
Jonatha Clausen: It's not going very far though.
Jack Davis: Okay. So we typically our wait limit for a flat service is £600 does it go over that?
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, that's right, we're right there. Yeah, that's why I said it's a three minute Hale.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool. Yeah, so probably three man team definitely, definitely seems smart again the way our pricing was just $100 per eyes. So.
Jonatha Clausen: Well, and I live in an HOA, you know what I'm saying, like they're, I don't know what it's gonna be like when three pods get delivered too. A single day. Like, I mean, I'm hopeful. My goal, I've never lived in the HOA to be honest, we're coming up for 31 acres in the mountains. So very different what we're used to, yes, and so.
Jack Davis: Yeah.
Jack Davis: Very different. But yeah, then we'd go a lot faster obviously with the three guys so, basically, you have an hourly rate of, yeah, you'd have, you have an hour later, $300 there is a two and a half hour minimum. So basically as long as anything that's $2 and a half, yeah, once it goes, once it goes past two and a half hours the time is prorated fifteen minutes at a time, so you just pay every quarter hour as the move goes on and then the best thing with us is that there's no extra fees. So there's literally no other costs that is just the hourly rate.
Jonatha Clausen: That's my thought is like Paul and as.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay, don't worry about that, don't worry about it at two and a half hour minute and we'll be good there.
Jonatha Clausen: That's cool. That sounds fair.
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, so you're not gonna show juke me at the end and tell them that you used a bunch of special booties that cost $1,000 books to come in as and all that.
Jack Davis: Exact, exactly, that's where we, that's why you called us because we don't do any of that stuff, it is. Just, it's just hourly rate time, does it, there's not even a credit card fee. There's not a tax, there's literally know what their costs.
Jonatha Clausen: That's why you differential, you are rated number one.
Jonatha Clausen: Any benefit if I pay $100 bills.
Jack Davis: No the if you tip the guys in cash they'll love it but we as far as pay as far as payment goes we actually don't take cash we only accept credit or debit card for payment at the move.
Jonatha Clausen: Which I will be doing that just so you know, like we absolutely will be doing.
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, shit. Okay. Hey, that works for me. I'm more than happy to get the points in the credit card. I didn't know if there's a discount for cash like, is a business or.
Jack Davis: No, yeah, we actually just kinda moved away from accepting cash. You became so few and it so rarely did we get cash payments that it was, yeah, unfortunately, yeah for us it just didn't really make as much sense cause we're rarely going to do deposits and stuff that just doing a, we just have a credit card reader on site and our contracts on an iPad. So it's super easy. So we just collect the payment once the moves over, so, we do have some availability on the sixteenth let me get some contact details and addresses and stuff from you and then we can get you set up if you'd like. What was your first and last name again, sir?
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, dude it is so good though when your business owner to receive Josh?
Jonatha Clausen: Yeah, no, that makes sense, right.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Yes. Sounds good John, as in J-O-N A-T-H-A-N actually you know, put in my wife's name, my bad Jody, J-O-D-I.
Jack Davis: Last name?
Jonatha Clausen: Awesome. So, last name C-L-A-U-S-E-N.
Jack Davis: Best email address for you.
Jonatha Clausen: The best email address for us would be vana T-H-E then the number four and then our last name Laural so the four classes @gmail.com.
Jack Davis: And what is the best phone number to put down here?
Jonatha Clausen: 253.
Jonatha Clausen: 307-9461.
Jack Davis: 253-207-9461.
Jonatha Clausen: Yeah, 207.
Jonatha Clausen: You know you said 307 or did you see two?
Jack Davis: 307.
Jack Davis: I said two but I just changed the three. Cool, perfect! And what is the, what is your address?
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, okay, thank you.
Jonatha Clausen: 4261 San hills drive.
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, sorry. San hills, 4261 San hills lane. San hills.
Jack Davis: You say 3261.
Jack Davis: 42.
Jack Davis: Second.
Jonatha Clausen: Bucks an hour from no additional charges. Nothing.
Jack Davis: Can you tell me the address one more time my computer's messing up.
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, yeah, 4261 San hills lane.
Jack Davis: An.
Jack Davis: Prosper it? Cool. Alright, and it's a two story. What is the square footage? I just have to put this down.
Jonatha Clausen: Yup, password.
Jonatha Clausen: At home. I think it's 3400.
Jack Davis: And then, so typically when we typically don't really do like pod loading. We, you know, unloading fine obviously. It's going right. You're gonna leave some of the stuff in the pod. Do you have I missed the Bunge and materials and stuff like that?
Jonatha Clausen: Yeah, so there's one that has like, just give you an idea. There's a pod that has our, oh, yeah, I got that. So there's, there's when we load up the three pos at our house. The first two pods are literally indoor household goods. Well then the third one has like outdoor furniture and just like random mainly outdoor stuff like pots, planning bench stuff like that, right? Well, that's what we're like, dude Rait rental like there's no reason for us to, yeah, we got here side see as well but like, there's no reason for us to unload that stuff because it's when we know that honestly in the next six to twelve months we're gonna buy a house. It doesn't fit, like, you know what I mean? So that pot is already, probably.
Jack Davis: Okay.
Jack Davis: Mm-hmm.
Jack Davis: Mm-hmm.
Jack Davis: Right.
Jonatha Clausen: Two-thirds loaded and I would say that like, five or ten percent would even come out of it but then there's gonna be, I would say it would probably be a little bit of stuff that we'll want to put in there that we already, that we're just gonna not use to. So, I would say maybe like a half an hour of extra time for that probably.
Jack Davis: Okay.
Jack Davis: Okay, cool.
Jonatha Clausen: But my guess is, I mean, three guys and maybe a you know, through a half day job.
Jack Davis: Yeah, that's kind of where I was at. I was just sitting there roughly about four to five hours just depending on.
Jonatha Clausen: That's what, when we got, yeah, that's what it was when they, when they loaded it was and they had a fire walk dude deposit like 3040 feet from the front door. But they were, it was like a three. Oh, no kidding. Oh, yeah, that's true and I have all the boxes marked where they go dude.
Jack Davis: Right, and unloading should go faster than loading, it's significantly easier. It's.
Jack Davis: Exactly. So unloading already a little bit easier obviously with some bigger items and if they need to assemble like bed frames and stuff as long as all the hardware is there. Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: No, they don't, they don't need to symbol bed frames at all. We brought our, so, we actually, I want buying a trailer and tow the trailer down with me.
Jonatha Clausen: So, like I already have like our basics here like for beds and closing mattresses and stuff.
Jack Davis: Well, sweet basically, yeah, so again it's just would be $300 an hour if we were to go, you know, four to five hours you're billing about $1,200 to about $1,500, ultimately it is just gonna be the time spent.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay. Now just the pods being or with H choice being H-Os should I be looking at doing for.
Jack Davis: I don't think so especially, again just for unloading, I think four guys would be overkill. I think you'd, I'm not familiar with that one specifically but I mean, people got to move-in and especially if you're getting movers there and the pods unloaded within the same day. I cannot imagine that's much of an issue. I, it would really be if you had a pod left for minute, multiple days, and, you know, if you had some, some angry angry neighbors but I don't think that'll be too big of an issue.
Jonatha Clausen: Are you familiar with wind song?
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Right.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay. Okay, I'm glad to hear that.
Jonatha Clausen: Right.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay. That's what I was hoping to, cause I'm like, even the pods gonna be totally like, yeah, we'll drop them off, you know, back to back to back like boom, boom boom and you know, we'll pick them up the very next day. And I was like, okay, awesome.
Jack Davis: The following day. Yeah, but yeah, that, that's gonna happen, I mean they're, they've at least kinda understand that people got to move and you're not gonna be the first person to come in with pads. I can guarantee you that. So I would be, I'd be stone if you were the first people to, to move pods into the neighborhood but I, again, I think I think you should be fine three movers we'll be able to knock it out pretty quick. Anyways.
Jonatha Clausen: I would hope not.
Jonatha Clausen: Right.
Jonatha Clausen: Digital neighbor of like 3000 houses. I'd really hope so. Okay, so you genuinely do think three is okay. I don't need to go to four.
Jack Davis: Oh, you don't need to go for, I think you end up paying a little bit more money for. Yeah exactly with for you guys they'll be able to unload super duper quick, they pro, I don't, don't know if it'll even take all five hours but that's how much I'll kind of set it up for ultimately against two and a half hour minimum and then it's anytime after that is, you know, fifteen minutes at a time. So from here I can send you the quote or.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay, and you're right. Unloading is faster than loading too.
Jonatha Clausen: Yeah, that's cool.
Jonatha Clausen: Alright. So I'm, if I'm, five hours, I'm, if I'm looking at five hours, I'm looking at $1,500, alright, dude. Yeah, like, I'm very, I'm comfortable with that.
Jack Davis: Yes sir.
Jack Davis: Cool. Well then, yeah, we don't do, we don't do any deposits or any payment upfront. So if you're down, I'll go ahead and set you set up on the schedule for the sixteenth does it eight.
Jonatha Clausen: I am down honestly, I'm not even a call. Another moving company you get appointment. I wanna feel like you shot me straight from the beginning man. Yeah, you got my business.
Jack Davis: Sweet, that's how we tried to do it and I said we tried to make it simple moving. There's a lot of bad moving companies out there. We try to keep it, you know, just pretty simple. Exactly.
Jonatha Clausen: Do moving rough already. You know what I mean? So, having, having a nice and you process like this. I like, it was a long way.
Jack Davis: Exactly, so 8:30 AM start time work for you guys on the sixteenth or do we need to give it a little bit of time to be delivered?
Jonatha Clausen: Oh, 8:30 AM. You know what I am gonna reach out to on today. Let, let me find out what time they deliver and it's, I don't wanna, I probably can schedule a time like, that's where maybe you tell me what slots and your day look good and what I can do and I can tell pads like, hey start deliver like an hour before you guys get here or something.
Jack Davis: You know what? How about?
Jack Davis: Yeah, that is the only issue with pads is their timeliness on getting things unloaded with?
Jonatha Clausen: Or two hours before.
Jonatha Clausen: I agree. So should I just tell them like first thing AM or something.
Jack Davis: I would try to get it first thing in the morning. How about, I can push it, I can push your start time back to about 10:00 AM, if we need to go later we can, we typically either do a, yeah, a morning or an afternoon job since you're doing three movers, we.
Jonatha Clausen: Alright.
Jonatha Clausen: Alright, oh, I understand gen.
Jonatha Clausen: Do you happen to get text messages to this phone?
Jack Davis: Text message, we will receive text messages to this number. So, yeah, that works.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay. So, I can text you on this phone on like, hey it's John pods company told me they'll be here by this time.
Jack Davis: Yes sir. So yeah, right now we'll expect a little bit of grace in the morning. So, all set up for 10:00 AM on the sixteenth and then if we need to push it back to you later we can or if we can you know, screwed up let us know. But other than that we'll be set and ready to go for 10:00 AM on the sixteenth and then we will text you the day before assuming nothing changes. And then we'll call you in the morning of the move as soon as we're heading your direction.
Jonatha Clausen: Okay.
Jonatha Clausen: Alright.
Jonatha Clausen: Do that works?
Jonatha Clausen: That sounds awesome, man.
Jack Davis: Alright, thank you sir, I appreciate your time and I'll go ahead and send you a confirmation email now.
Jonatha Clausen: Yeah, dude. And, and what was your first name again?
Jack Davis: My name is Jack. And yeah, you. Yes, sir.
Jonatha Clausen: Jack! I'm Jonathan and thank you. Dude, I very much appreciate it and I look forward to working with you guys.
Jack Davis: Yes sir. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Jonatha Clausen: You too, bye.
Jack Davis: Alright, bye-bye.
