Rep: Jeline Lavarias
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4910766952751104
Duration: 7.0 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 19:32 CT
Speakers: Aubrey Franklin - AB, Jeline Lavarias

---TRANSCRIPT---

Jeline Lavarias: Hello, good afternoon this is juline with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Hi Julie, this is Abi, calling in response to a move. Went online to make the reservation but it said to contact you.
Jeline Lavarias: I see him, okay. Let me just pull up the profile here. Your name is Aubrey, what's your last name?
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Franklin.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, and just to confirm that you requested move date. It's actually today. I'm so what's the new date?
Aubrey Franklin - AB: No, it's not today. The, that was canceled. It's, it would be I just went online it should be for Wednesday July 12th wait.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, I think I found it here for July 15th Wednesday.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Wait, we the tent, I'm sorry, Wednesday, they're like, thank you, thank you very much. Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, ma'am, it says here that this is a 1200 square feet house. However as I double-check it says that it's a 2200 square feet. So I just like to confirm this will be like a partial move.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: That's right. So you're not moving, you're just moving boxes from the garage into the new house.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, so we're only, okay, only the garage.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: So the house or you move, yeah, so you're moving the heavy, correct?
Aubrey Franklin - AB: So you're moving, I can give you an inventory of what you're moving but.
Jeline Lavarias: I see.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes, ma'am. So, let me just confirm first the address. So, this is at 1417. Homes pond road Austin. 78745.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Correct.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And we're only picking up items from the garage.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: That's correct and so item from the garage from 41417 home spun which if you look up 1417 homespun in January you're moving those same items that you put in the garage, Wednesday you're taking those items that's in the garage to the house on pack sale.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: I see understood. Let me just.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: So, if you, if there's, I don't know if you keep track of history or not.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm yes, ma'am we do. So let me just double-check that here. Just to confirm this is last January 21st.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Okay, great. Okay.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: January 2026.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes. Okay. Alright let me just review this.
Jeline Lavarias: So basically ma'am we're just moving the same stuff.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Correct.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: So three mirrors, one bed.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, three mirrors, one bed and then what else.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Oh, are you not looking at the inventory from the last move-in January? It's exact, all those items.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, let me double-check if we have those because I'm only seeing like how many hours it took class time so let me just double-check.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: I think it was just an hour the last time. If that.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, and then let me just confirm ma'am that the drop-off location is at 4510 pack side pass Austin, 78745.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Correct.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And this is only a one story house. Do we only have to unload this to a garage or you want us to help you inside the house.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: The only thing that you're going to assemble inside the house is one bed.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: And you might have to put a mirror against the wall.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: But for the month you're putting everything in the.
Jeline Lavarias: For the mirrors ma'am, is there already like a, like a nail where we can hang it because we cannot.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: You're not, it's a, it's a Florida ceiling Marri that's only going on the floor.
Jeline Lavarias: I see. Okay. Thank you for verifying that. Alright, so checking your previous move here ma'am, it only took us two and a half hour, which is our minimum so I'll just go you within that time two and a half 23 hours just to give us, arrange if ever our movers had a hard time or it would take time to assemble that.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Okay. So wait, I'm out so I guess for the last move-in January, ma'am, they must have rounded up because it did not take an hour. At all. There were two guys here. It did not take, it did not take two hours but that's okay if you want to and for this one it won't take two hours either. So it's just primarily boxes and two beds, mirror, small dresser. So that's fine. So, let's set it up for Wednesday.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, I see.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, ma'am. So, yeah, we still have availability on Wednesday. Arrival window is between 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, and then I'll just send you your confirmation email to the email we have on file Aubrey @aubreyfranklin.com and then just review the bolted list. It will be the date and time that we agreed upon the addresses and the contact information. So if everything is good then we're good to go. But then if you have any more concern just reply back to that email but then again, for now this is a confirmed booking for July 15th Wednesday.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Yes ma'am.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: No.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Yup, that sounds perfect. And then just put in there in the notes that they'll have to with symbol one bed. But we have all the parts and it's not, it's not a complicated bid.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Alright ma'am, I'll just estimate this for $2.515 with two meters.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Terri. Terrific. Thank you so much and you'll said you'll reply on an email. I don't have the emails of yet though but.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes ma'am, I'll kindly expect that after we end the call.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Okay, terrific. Thank you so much.
Jeline Lavarias: You're very welcome. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Aubrey Franklin - AB: Cheers, bye-bye.
