Rep: Jeline Lavarias
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6184505573056512
Duration: 15.3 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 20:34 CT
Speakers: Jeline Lavarias, Samkutty Mathew

---TRANSCRIPT---

Samkutty Mathew: It's college.
Jeline Lavarias: Hello, good afternoon this is juline with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Samkutty Mathew: Hi, I was wondering if I can get a quote for moving on Wednesday?
Jeline Lavarias: Yes, are we moving out from an apartment or a house?
Samkutty Mathew: Yes we're moving out of a two bedroom apartment it has two stories and we're moving into a townhouse that has through worries and it's three bedrooms.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm okay, understood it. So July 15th Wednesday.
Jeline Lavarias: Is your date flexible?
Samkutty Mathew: We would need to move out on Wednesday.
Jeline Lavarias: I see. May I know what is the zip code. Maybe I can assign you with our other branches.
Samkutty Mathew: It's 75067 that's where we're moving, you need the zip code we're moving out of.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes please.
Samkutty Mathew: It's 75240 that's the apartment.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Alright, thank you. Let me just place the call on hold. Let me check our other nearby branches to see if we can accommodate you on Wednesday.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: Thank you. Stay on the line please.
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Hello, thank you for holding.
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, sir as for checking here we do have one availability in our Garland branch. However there will be a $75 travel fee now. If you don't want that, the next offer here will be to do the move on Tuesday July 14th within our Dallas branch.
Samkutty Mathew: We would probably want to do the Wednesday.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. So would you consider getting a quote even though there's a travel fee of $75?
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. Let me create your profile here so I can personalize your estimate. What is your first and last name, please?
Samkutty Mathew: Matthew, M-A-T-H-E-W.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, and your last name.
Samkutty Mathew: Oh, sorry that was my last time I thought you're asking for last name. My first name is Shaan. SH A. WN and last name is Matthew with one T.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, got it thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: And what is the best phone number?
Samkutty Mathew: 832-455-0176.
Jeline Lavarias: And then how about your email.
Samkutty Mathew: It's gonna be Matthew with one T. Sean 95 @gmail.com.
Jeline Lavarias: Got it, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: And what is the complete address of the pickup location?
Samkutty Mathew: The pickup location it's gonna be. It's like.
Samkutty Mathew: 13290 Noe road, Dallas, Texas. 75240.
Jeline Lavarias: Thank you. What is the square footage of the apartment and how many bedrooms?
Samkutty Mathew: 1400 square feet and two bedrooms.
Jeline Lavarias: And you've mentioned this is a two story apartment, correct?
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: Is there an area for a truck to park?
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm what's the distance from the parking area to your apartment?
Samkutty Mathew: So you, there's a, a spot you can park right in front of the elevator, there's a door right next to the elevator, and then from the elevator, when you go up, it's just down the hall a little bit. Not too far.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. But what floor is the apartment located there?
Samkutty Mathew: The fifth floor.
Jeline Lavarias: Fifth floor. Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: And then once we are on the fifth floor from the elevator, what's the distance to your apartment?
Samkutty Mathew: It's just one hallway maybe like fifty feet.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm okay, thank you now normally sir for a 1400 square feet. We see 45 to 55 boxes. Do you think you would fall within that range?
Samkutty Mathew: Probably not, we really just need mainly help with the bigger items. Like, we have two beds, two couches and two dressers and one vanity table and then like three-year or for a nice ant. And then maybe like two other tables.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. Are this everything or this are only the large furniture?
Samkutty Mathew: And then, we'd have like a handful of other boxes and stuff that will pack.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Within for the boxes we will not be moving those.
Samkutty Mathew: Yeah, you will move, you'll move some of the boxes.
Jeline Lavarias: Oh, okay. Alright, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: But again do you think it would? Oh, okay, ten boxes, less ten box. Okay. Thank you.
Samkutty Mathew: Ma, less than ten docs, sir.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, let me just verify are there any heavy workout equipment, a safe or a piano?
Samkutty Mathew: No.
Jeline Lavarias: Anything valuable like our pieces or anti collections.
Samkutty Mathew: No, just like a TV.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. What's the size of your TV?
Samkutty Mathew: Maybe sixty inches, 65.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: But aside from the TV know any other appliances, like Washer/Dryer or fridge.
Samkutty Mathew: No.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. Thank you. And then what is the complete address of the drop-off location.
Samkutty Mathew: Let me pull that up for you. It's 2556 chambers drive, Louisville, Texas. 75067.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. And you've mentioned that this is a three story town home with three bedrooms.
Samkutty Mathew: Yes.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. What is the square footage?
Samkutty Mathew: 4200.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay. And is there a driveway parking here for a truck or street parking?
Samkutty Mathew: Yeah, we have the driveway.
Jeline Lavarias: 53. Okay. Thank you. Any access concerns that the movers need to know. Let's say low hanging trees in clin driveway.
Samkutty Mathew: No.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, I just need to create your estimate here. Mm-hmm just give me a few seconds please. Thank you.
Samkutty Mathew: Uh-huh.
Samkutty Mathew: And does this include like the dise disassemble of like, furniture items?
Jeline Lavarias: Yes, sir, it is already included in the hourly rate. So we actually charge $100 per hour per mover. We will be sending most likely two movers for this. So that's $200 and everything is included gas and truck taxes, insurance. All the wraps and pads, to protect the items when they move. And all the tools for that, just assembly and reassembly of the furniture.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Samkutty Mathew: Tax.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Samkutty Mathew: And you said they already have a like a couch cover and stuff like that.
Jeline Lavarias: Yes sir. We will wrap it with moving blankets and shrink wrap to avoid damages and stains.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: Alright. So let me now discuss our pricing and the estimate here.
Samkutty Mathew: Oh.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, so again that's $100 per hour per mover, we will be sending to movers, so that's $200 now the only thing outside of that rate is the $75 travel fee that I've mentioned earlier. Since the second location is outside of the free service zone of Garland branch but then here at Einstein no hidden fees of any type. No credit card fees, no sterile fees, no disassemble or reassembly fees. So again, no hidden fees of any type. And for every move we do have a minimum of two and a half hour after that minimum. The time is prorated in fifteen minute increments sir. So, no further estimates here normally for a 1400 square feet house, we.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Samkutty Mathew: Uh-huh.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: 1400 square feet apartment, we normally finish the move-in six hours to eight hours. So in your case, we're actually coming from a fifth floor with elevator access and this is a two story apartment going to a three story house and the drive time could be between thirty minutes to an hour, depending on the traffic for this move. Sean, I actually estimate this will take about seven and a half to eight and a half hours estimated cost $1,575 to $1,775. But of course this is only an estimate if the move takes less than this, then you only have to pay for whatever the time used to.
Samkutty Mathew: We have.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay.
Jeline Lavarias: And then, I can put you now here on our schedule no deposit is required. So, if something comes up, if ever you want to reschedule or cancel, just give us a call, no fees for that as well. So, would you like to be on the schedule today?
Samkutty Mathew: One sec, let me discuss with my wife.
Samkutty Mathew: And what's the cancellation policy like if we decide tomorrow or Tuesday, would we still be able to cancel?
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm.
Jeline Lavarias: Mm-hmm yes, here at Einstein. We do not have a cancellation policy. So just let us know as soon as you feel like you need to do some changes on the move. If ever you'd like to cancel or reschedule, just email us or give us a call, no fees for to way that.
Samkutty Mathew: Mm-hmm.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay. Perfect. Okay, yeah, you can put us on the schedule.
Jeline Lavarias: So, okay. Alright, thank you. So, I'll put you here for July 15th Wednesday. Arrival window is between 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM again. No deposit is required here. You will only be asked to make the payment after the move and then before I send you your confirmation email, may I ask what is the unit number of the current apartment?
Samkutty Mathew: Mm-hmm.
Samkutty Mathew: 511.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, thank you. Alright, so on that email that I'll be sending after our call there will be a bold list, it will be the date and time that we agreed upon the addresses and your contact information. If everything is good then we're good to go. But then if you have any concern, concern questions, just reply to that email.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay, thank you so much.
Jeline Lavarias: Okay, well thank you so much for your time Sean. And of course, thank you for choosing Einstein moving enjoy the rest of your day.
Samkutty Mathew: Okay, you too. Bye-bye.
Jeline Lavarias: Thank you, bye-bye.
