Rep: Jespah Lara
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6683080136531968
Duration: 6.2 min
Datetime: 2026-07-09 20:00 CT
Speakers: Jean Hendrix, Jespah Lara

---TRANSCRIPT---

Jean Hendrix: Hello.
Jespah Lara: Yes, hi there. My name is Jesa with Einstein Moving Company. Am I speaking with Jean?
Jean Hendrix: Yes, you are.
Jespah Lara: Hey, Jean I just came across your quote request for a move on August 20th and I just wanted to give you a call see if you had a few minutes to chat about that.
Jean Hendrix: Sure.
Jespah Lara: Okay, so the first thing I wanna do is just make sure I have all the correct info to start with on my end. What I'm showing here is that you're moving from 6044 Long Drive, which is a two story house, moving to a one bedroom apartment and that's at 800 West Thirty Eighth Street. Is that all accurate so far?
Jean Hendrix: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: Yes, and the, what the deal is, is removing out of our big house. My husband's getting an apartment because he's going to be working part time in Austin and then we're going to be moving the rest of the stuff to our new house. So, we're only moving a small amount of stuff from our house to the apartment.
Jean Hendrix: You know, one bed, 11 bedroom apartments worth not even that. It's not very much stuff.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha. So yeah, that's what, yeah.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha, okay, yeah, that was going to be one of my questions. And yeah, that's kind of what it looks like to me is just moving a little much apartment worth and stuff. So, cool actually, that's probably the best place to start. The quickest way to get an accurate estimate is if you have a list to share like, you know, bed dresser TV, that kind of thing. I can take that list.
Jean Hendrix: Yeah.
Jean Hendrix: Yup.
Jean Hendrix: I do, I am not at home right now. So I don't have it with me. I can give you by memory most of the things. There'll be one bed, a three drawer bedside table that has a marble top. It's not real big but.
Jespah Lara: Oh, that's fine.
Jespah Lara: Sure.
Jean Hendrix: Then a small probably another smaller bedside table, you know very lightweight a couple of lamps, two wiper chairs and then wiper Otman.
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: A glass top table that has an iron base.
Jean Hendrix: Couple of bar stools an outdoor bench.
Jean Hendrix: Probably, I would say, you know, ten to fifteen boxes of, you know, clothing and miscellaneous, kitchen, kind of stuff. And am I missing anything, Jay, a hat stand?
Jean Hendrix: Mm-hmm periodic and that's about it. You know there'll be some other miscellaneous but the bed is probably the biggest thing that we're moving. It's queen size.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, awesome. That actually answers pretty much the majority of my questions, let me see if I have any others here. So the apartments your husband is moving to is on the second floor with stair access at the apartment. Do you know like roughly how close we can get parked to the base of the stairs?
Jean Hendrix: I let me ask him, so, we talked about this earlier. The distance from where the truck can park to the apartment, well, I would guess it's about thirty or forty feet. But it's there's a parking lot right next four unit. They got that be, yeah, could you, did you hear him?
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jespah Lara: I did yeah, about thirty or forty feet and there's a parking lot next to it's okay, got.
Jean Hendrix: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jespah Lara: Awesome. Would, would you need any additional stops made along the way or it's just house to apartment?
Jean Hendrix: Just the house to apartment. I have not arranged our move. We're moving the rest of the stuff, to a condo in Dallas. But I don't know our exact move date and we're going to be using pods. So it's possible. I may try to use you guys for that move but it'll be a whole separate thing on a different date. So, we're treating this as a stand alone move.
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, sure thing. We'll just talk about about this one right now. That's actually, it. Well, I guess my last question for you guys, do you have any like, specific concerns or stressors about the moving process in general that I can address for you.
Jean Hendrix: Yeah.
Jean Hendrix: No. It just, you know, we just need to get it set up so that we can get it done. I, you know, I really think it'll be a pretty easy move to get the stuff out of our house and the only thing that's upstairs in our house, that will be going to the apartment is the bed and maybe a couple of the, in the three drawer dresser.
Jespah Lara: Sure.
Jean Hendrix: Everything else will be on the first floor to get it out to the truck.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay.
Jespah Lara: Awesome. Awesome. Okay.
Jespah Lara: Then, yeah, those are all the questions I have for you. So I'm gonna get started on working up. My estimate for you. It'll take me a few extra moments. Give me like fifteen minutes or so and you'll have an email from me which will go over everything. It'll go over, you know, the crew size, the pricing structure estimate for duration and cost and all that good stuff, it'll be in there if you're left with questions, give me a callback, email me back, if you don't have questions. You're like, hey, this looks good. Just wanna move forward with it. That would be a shortlist of questions for you at the bottom. Pretty much you respond to that and then you're booked, there's no deposit or anything like that. Needed. That's all I got for you right now. Gin, unless there was an ending us at all you wanted to go over anything. You're just curious about.
Jean Hendrix: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: Okay.
Jean Hendrix: Okay, okay.
Jean Hendrix: No, nothing right now. If I get home and look at my list and I've, you know left, left out some glaring, you know, item I'll text you back or call you but, yeah, I'll look forward to getting your quote.
Jespah Lara: I'm sure, yeah.
Jespah Lara: That works.
Jespah Lara: Awesome, awesome. I'll get working on it right now for you.
Jean Hendrix: Okay, thank you so much.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, anytime. Take care. Bye.
Jean Hendrix: Alright, bye-bye.
