Rep: Jespah Lara
Branch: Fort Worth Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6747817914343424
Duration: 9.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 16:25 CT
Speakers: Jespah Lara, Robin Sykes

---TRANSCRIPT---

Jespah Lara: This is Jessa with Einstein Moving Company. How can I help you?
Robin Sykes: Yes I was I'm calling to inquire about having a bed, moved just one bed from Colleville to Austin, Texas is that something that you all would do?
Jespah Lara: So we do but we're not always the best match for moves like that for one main reason. We have a a two and a half hour minimum for all of our jobs which you know moving to bed it does not take that amount of time mind but the answer is yes and I'm happy to kind of break it all down for you and you can decide if you know, if the value is there for what you need. And actually I don't really need much to do that it's just the zip code it'd be moving from and moving to.
Robin Sykes: Okay. Well the drive, the drive itself would be about three and a half hours with that, take care of the two and a half hours. Are you are you located in, are you, where are you located?
Jespah Lara: Oh, okay.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, that one?
Jespah Lara: We have what's it called? Branches all over we have some in, you know, Austin and San antonio, Houston then.
Robin Sykes: Yup. Okay, hold on a sec. Oh, wait hold on. Where are you located physically, right now?
Jespah Lara: I'm in Richmond, Virginia.
Robin Sykes: Okay, so you have no idea about Texas. Okay.
Jespah Lara: I live there for a while, I live for ten years. Yeah.
Robin Sykes: Okay. Alright, so, you know, that the distance from Fort Worth to Austin is about three and a half hours, and that's okay, so, you're saying that the minimum is two and a half hours, so, that checks that box and I understand you're telling me this may not be the most economical way or whatever. But may I give you details about this particular bed, so you can tell me if you could do it. Okay, great. Alright, so the bed, it's quote, unquote a hospital bed, but it's not one of those big giant heavy ones with the motor and everything. It weighs about between a 125 and a 150 pounds, it's about a it kind of a like a double bed. It does have a little remote so you, the head lifts and everything, it's 56 by 7475 by 24 inches.
Jespah Lara: Yes.
Jespah Lara: Correct.
Jespah Lara: Sure.
Jespah Lara: Absolutely.
Jespah Lara: Okay.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha. Yeah, that is, that is movable for sure. Nothing, nothing crazy. Nothing everywhere noon.
Robin Sykes: Okay, alright. Okay, should I, can I give you the location that it would be moved from and the location that would be moved to, would that be helpful?
Jespah Lara: Yeah, I'm ready for those addresses.
Robin Sykes: Okay. The address that it's located that needs to be picked up from is 108 timberline drive south and that's Colleville Texas, and I don't have the zip code with me.
Jespah Lara: Okay, let me see it should just populate on its own. Give me a sec here.
Jespah Lara: Yup, there it is. 76034 does that sound familiar.
Robin Sykes: That's that sounds, sounds right. And then it would be transported to 11300 Sarah FA RRA. H. Lane, apartment 216 Austin, Texas 78748 and that apartment is on the first floor.
Jespah Lara: Okay, perfect.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha, gotcha, okay cool. Let me pull up my map here and take a look at all this for you and I'll have a, some info for you in just a few seconds here.
Robin Sykes: Okay.
Robin Sykes: Okay, great. And remind me what your name is?
Jespah Lara: My name is Jessa.
Robin Sykes: Jessica. Okay, thank you.
Jespah Lara: My pleasure. Okay. So let me just do some quick math for you here. And I, and I failed to ask this as well. Is there a specific day you're aiming for or just kinda like, as soon as the schedule allows or.
Robin Sykes: Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday of this week the sooner the better.
Jespah Lara: Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, let me see what those days are looking like.
Jespah Lara: Just bear with me cause I'm looking across a few different benches in the DFW area to kind of cast a WideNet for you.
Robin Sykes: Alright, thank you.
Jespah Lara: Yeah, absolutely.
Robin Sykes: I have the closest one being 760126. Boulevard, North Richland Hills, Texas.
Jespah Lara: I believe that is our north Dallas branch and yeah, for the weeks, sorry for, for the days that you're looking for the, those three days this week. Yeah they're the ones they're, they're only branch in the area that have availability but they do on Tuesday, fourteenth. So let me actually do some of that to see roughly what we're looking at here in terms of the cost.
Robin Sykes: Okay, that's north Dallas because they're all the way past Irving. They're in north Richmond hills, which is closer to Fort Worth.
Jespah Lara: The port with branch is booked out for those three days. The north atlas one is, is the only branch we have available for those three days. Yeah. Yeah, I can look at, you know, what next day is available for Fort Worth if you have some flexibility but yeah, let me at least because this will kind of give us a, a good idea anyway, it won't be a drastic difference. But give me a sec here.
Robin Sykes: I see. Okay.
Robin Sykes: Okay. Alright, that sounds, sounds good.
Jespah Lara: Okay, so.
Jespah Lara: The hourly rate for a two main team which is our smallest crew size and that's all you'll need from us that is $202 per hour that gets you everything that is needed. The only additional cost, the biggest cost is the transportation fee since we're going in between cities and then we have to bring the truck back to the city that's coming from. And that's the line share of the time and the cost and that's the transportation fee is $1,056. So with the time, with the drive time and the work required and all that, you're probably looking at a total budget of about $1,800 all put together and if that is excessive for just moving one hospital but I completely respect that but it is doable. Yeah.
Robin Sykes: Mm-hmm.
Robin Sykes: Mm-hmm.
Robin Sykes: Okay.
Robin Sykes: Well, that was the guest that was the guess estimate that my husband's had. He said $2,000. So, you know what.
Robin Sykes: That's probably kind of crazy. So, I'm gonna see, I hate to lose a spot if that's the only option. Can I put a temporary policy?
Jespah Lara: Not Tuesday is actually, right now that day, Tuesday is actually pretty open. So it's not like you're not in, in, in danger of losing that spot in the next hour or even in the next day, so you have time to look around and you can't find a better option. Yeah, we'll be here if you need us. Not, not a big deal.
Robin Sykes: Okay. Okay. Okay, alright, great. Is, are you able to recommend another option, or I know that would take this?
Jespah Lara: So, if you go, yeah, if you go to like the what's it called? Like the residential moving company around like us you're probably gonna get a similar response a similar cost because they'll have like their own travel fees and all that the only other option I can think of which I mean like a a shipping container like a pond type of a deal or something like that I think would overall cost a bit less but then you'd be you know tasked with loading that bed in shipping container yourselves which is its own thing.
Robin Sykes: Right.
Robin Sykes: Now here, here, here's, here's the whole situation my mom is in a nursing home in Austin. My brother has a bed that she needs to get in Colleville my brother is a piece of work and won't load it in his truck and bring it to her. So I'm trying to find another reasonable option but it needs to be loaded in the truck, brought to Austin and, and just unloaded in her bedroom. So that pod situation won't work but I'm gonna see if I can touch base with some friends who have pickup trucks and see if we can get it done that way.
Jespah Lara: Gotcha.
Jespah Lara: Sure. Sure, Lo.
Robin Sykes: But I.
Jespah Lara: Sure. If you can that probably would be your best option over but if you don't find anything else we'll be here if you need us.
Robin Sykes: Awesome. Okay. Well thank you for your help. I really appreciate it. Okay.
Jespah Lara: It's my pleasure. Hope you have a good day.
Robin Sykes: If you want time a quick.
