Rep: Joanna Ballon
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4873768963612672
Duration: 6.3 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 21:32 CT
Speakers: Joanna Ballon, Raphael Gomes

---TRANSCRIPT---

Raphael Gomes: Hello.
Joanna Ballon: Hey Rafael, it's me Joanna, sorry had issues call. Okay, alright, no problem that's fine. Okay, so we got your quotation request in order for us to give you an idea about the pricing and how it's gonna work. Let me just ask you more questions about it and just verify the details as well, okay? Alright, perfect and then I'll send everything in an email, so just disregard the first one I sent you. I'll send you an updated one and the email address that I have your homeless on the net @gmail.com you're planning to do this for move for the 1st of September on a Tuesday, is that right?
Raphael Gomes: Hey, oh, no worries, worries. Explain phone tag.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Raphael Gomes: Sure. Sure. Okay.
Raphael Gomes: Okay, okay.
Raphael Gomes: Yup.
Raphael Gomes: I'm actually just getting kind of moving close at this point in time. I'm trying to get ballpark figure how much the move is gonna cost. I don't have, I haven't purchased the home just yet shopping but obviously I want to get everything aligned and get my budgeting right. Yup.
Joanna Ballon: I see.
Joanna Ballon: Sure, of course, I understand. No problem. That's fine. Okay, but everything's in storage right now in 12991 for chunk road in San antonio. A ten, a fifteen by ten storage, is that right? Is that correct? Mm-hmm.
Raphael Gomes: Yeah, the, yeah, the majority of things are in there, I have two big items with me where I'm staying at the moment but the majority of things are at the storage unit. Everything is packed in boxes et cetera.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: I see. Okay. And is the storage fully packed left to right top to bottom fifty percent 75? It is okay.
Raphael Gomes: It is? Oh, oh, it's to the brand.
Joanna Ballon: Alright. Thank you. And any special items in there like heavy items, piano workout equipment, or a safe?
Raphael Gomes: In the storage unit. Know where I am now. Yes, there is a large toolbox.
Joanna Ballon: A large toolbox, is it on wheels?
Raphael Gomes: Yeah, yes, it's heavy but yeah, it does have casters.
Joanna Ballon: Okay. But mm-hmm got it, thank you. Just an estimate. I'm not sure if you have an idea but in terms of we, do you think it's over £500?
Raphael Gomes: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: It is okay, should we say about 600 just to confirm?
Raphael Gomes: Yeah.
Raphael Gomes: I'd say maybe between probably six and eight hundred it's a big metal toolbox with tools and stuff inside.
Joanna Ballon: I see, mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then let's see, just bear with me. Okay, I just wanna make sure it's something that we can help you out. I understand it's on wheels but usually, cause our limit in terms of weight is a 10500 rather, sorry. Let me see. I think I didn't check something here. Just one second, let me see.
Raphael Gomes: Yup.
Raphael Gomes: Sure.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Raphael Gomes: Sure, cause I know when we moved here from Florida the movers had no problems with it. You know, they just pushed it up the ramp for the truck, or I think they had used one of the trucks that has a like a lifting platform that they just put on the platform and lift it like the ones that they use for moving appliances.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Yeah.
Joanna Ballon: Understand, of course. Yeah, definitely. We do have trucks with lift gates but just to confirm your toolbox, does it come to P into pieces like, can we remove the top part of it or it's move as a whole? It's a hole. Okay, got it, no problem. So with that, with that specific item, I'll definitely check with our branch by tomorrow just to make sure of course that we'll be able to move it for you. But all other items and definitely, if it's beyond, I mean below £500 then we should be able to remove it. The only, you know, reason putting this on hold because it's on wheels. So definitely understood that we can just push it as well, okay? But need to check it with our branch first as well, okay.
Raphael Gomes: No, no, it's a whole unit.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Raphael Gomes: Yeah.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, now do you want me to just proceed or do you want me to get back to you by tomorrow and explain further but I can definitely just you know spend explain their pricing and all that as well. So you already have an idea.
Raphael Gomes: No, I, no, I work through the email that I got from you guys regarding pricing and I guess that gives me kind of a ballpark figure. Unless it's going to increase or decrease drastically by more than like $2 or $300 that at least gives me an idea.
Joanna Ballon: Yup, mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, sure so, if the additional stop that you have, is it around the same addresses as well?
Raphael Gomes: It's within the same zip code or pretty much the same zip. So it's like a, it's like a ten minute drive down the street.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Joanna Ballon: I see. Okay, and aside from the toolbox what are the other items that we have here?
Raphael Gomes: That's really it, there's the toolbox. There's a smaller toolbox. That's much, much lighter but but that's it. In the.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, but no furniture.
Raphael Gomes: In the storage unit, there's furniture but it's already been disassembled. There's a king size bed. That's already been disassembled dressers. Nothing terribly terribly heavy or cumbersome ninety percent of the things that I got, that I put in storage. I put it there myself with no help, so.
Joanna Ballon: Right.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Yup.
Joanna Ballon: I see. Okay, got it. Yup. That's right. So, if that's the case the only reason that there might be additional time in, in terms of our access walking distance as well. But of course, that's pretty much is the same range if we're moving a fully packed fifteen by ten storage. So what I can do Rafa, I'll go ahead and check this with our branch tomorrow. Give you a call so I can finalize everything as well to give you a more specific pricing as well, just in case. Okay?
Raphael Gomes: Sure.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Raphael Gomes: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, if I can't hold, get a hold of you tomorrow or voicemail. I'll send you an updated email too, okay? Alright, thank you so much Rafa talk to you tomorrow.
Raphael Gomes: Okay, sounds good.
Raphael Gomes: Thank you, bye.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, bye.
