Rep: Joanna Ballon
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6463678950612992
Duration: 11.5 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 20:41 CT
Speakers: Cort Griesenbeck, Joanna Ballon

---TRANSCRIPT---

Cort Griesenbeck: Hello.
Joanna Ballon: Hello, good afternoon, this is Joanna from moving is this court?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: Hi, court, I'm actually calling about the quotation request you submitted online. Is this a good time?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes ma'am.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, that's perfect. I just need to run through the details that I currently have. Of course, just ask you some questions about the move for a more personalized estimate. Excuse me, and I'll send everything in an email as well. Okay, so the email address that I have here would be C, as in your first name initial and then your last name G-R-I-E-S-E-N-B-E-C. CK @gmail.com.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: Right now you're looking at doing it for this Tuesday the fourteenth. Is that right?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, the address that I have here is 12727. Vista Dell Norte and we're going to 6974 oak drive both in San antonio, both are two bedroom apartments and same thing on the third floor, no elevators, just stairs on both locations, is that correct? Okay, and just wanna confirm court are you also interested in packing, like packing the whole apartment? Putting everything into boxes?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes.
Cort Griesenbeck: No, we already have everything packed up.
Joanna Ballon: Oh, okay. So just the moving itself. Is that right? Okay. Now do you have anything oversized like a piano workout equipment, or a safe or anything you believe is £300 that's actually our limit if we're doing stairs.
Cort Griesenbeck: Mm-hmm.
Cort Griesenbeck: Probably just our washer and dryers or the heaviest.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, that should be alright now of course since we're doing stairs on both locations court, or we be able to run me for the list of everything we're moving. If it's easier we can go room, per room and you just break down the items to me.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah, sure, that's fine.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, when you're ready.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay. So I've got, we've got one bedroom or, I'm sorry no, one bed so the bed and the bed frame two side dressers.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: Or two night fans, I guess you could say let's see two TV stands.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: 165 inch TV.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Cort Griesenbeck: Let's see the washer, and dryer a couch, one couch.
Joanna Ballon: Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: And then I have a, a computer desk, but it's like two like Akia dusk drawers, and then it just has the table on top. So, the table separate, yeah, I hopefully that's it. Oh, and, and one, I'm sorry. One more thing. One small bench that we keep outside on the balcony.
Joanna Ballon: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Yes, got it. Mm-hmm okay.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, no problem. It will be mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Yeah, no, I see. Okay, so basically it's a one bedroom with an office. I mean second room. Might be a, okay, got it. And then of course you mentioned in the balcony we only have a small bench just to confirm in the living room. Do we have coffee table to move as well side tables?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah, pretty much, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cort Griesenbeck: Oh, yes. Two coffee tables.
Joanna Ballon: And in the kitchen or dining, do we have a dining set or bar stools maybe that we use?
Cort Griesenbeck: No.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, so basically if this is everything we're moving, no garage, no storage, just to confirm. Okay, and then in terms of boxes typically for an apartment this size we might end up with 25 to 35 boxes. Do you think you would just fall within that range? You have more or less? Okay, got it, okay, thank you so much and just one last question for both apartments. If you have information with the new one too but let's start with the current one. In terms of parking, can we already parked by the stairs at the ground floor. Like one school bus is about forty feet. Do you think that's just a distance or do you think it's a little bit of a longer walk?
Cort Griesenbeck: Correct.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes, yes about that many.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah. To the, to the staircase that leads up it's probably twenty feet. There's, there's parking right by the staircase.
Joanna Ballon: That's good. And then once we get to the third floor is your apartment near those stairs as well about the same distance.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah, it's like, it's not the one right at the top of the stairs but the one right next to it.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm okay, and in the new place, if you're already familiar is it pretty much the same distance a little bit further or close closer I see. Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: It's pretty much the same distance. Yes, the only thing is for our apartment, there's four sets of stairs to go up, and then the new apartment there's three sets of stairs.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, got it. Thank you. Let's see, but for the current one, you said there's four sets of stairs but definitely, it's just on the third floor not kind of a ground first, second third kind of leveling just to confirm. Okay, alright. Okay, and then what else that I missed.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah.
Joanna Ballon: Okay, I think that's pretty much it. Do you have any special instructions, concerns or stressors about moving in general that you want me to take note of at this time?
Cort Griesenbeck: Actually, one second.
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm go ahead. No problem.
Cort Griesenbeck: Yeah, I was curious. Hopefully it's not gonna rain on Tuesday but if it does rain, is that gonna cause any delays or is there like possibility of possibility of waiting around or anything?
Joanna Ballon: Mm-hmm.
Joanna Ballon: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Let me see. Okay, so first off, if there are any issues in terms of the delay of the move itself. We'll definitely give you a call. Generally, we still move under the rain especially with the distances that we have discussed. If we can you know, park very close to this, there's already, everything will be wrapped in blank ket pads and shrink wrap to avoid any elements to your furniture. But of course, it just depends on how hard it is raining on the day. If it's not safe yet for the guys to arrive and do the move, we'll definitely give you a call, but let's say for example, the guys are already doing the move and it rain hard and they deem it necessary to stop the move. Of course you don't pay for the time that they.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay, okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: We do the job. Okay, so we stop the clock. Okay, so of course we'll just continue and then they will just discuss it with you if it's still safe to continue, if not or whatnot. But yeah, basically so far we're still good at this time.
Cort Griesenbeck: Oh, okay awesome okay, I get awesome. Good to hear.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay, I think that's all the questions that I have and.
Joanna Ballon: Okay. Alright.
Joanna Ballon: Sure. Okay. So let me just explain to you how we work in our pricing as well. It's super simple we charge by the hour for all of our services and if we're doing a move on Tuesday, that's $96 per hour per mover for this move. We'll just recommend you guys to help us out, which is $192 per hour. That already includes the two men the truck they use again. All the wraps are protect your furniture, blanket pass insurance wraps. If you need help with this assembly and reassembly. That's already part of the service, as well as taxes, insurance, credit card fees, all of that is already in the price. The only one outside of the hourly rate court is a one time travel fee of $70 but.
Joanna Ballon: Side from that, everything's already included in the rate. We also include other features. First is our no worries damage coverage. It will give you up to $2,000 coverage for any repair replacement reimbursement for any accidental damages. Unlike our competitors usually they'll just use the statement dated 6¢ per pound per item with us. We even, we already include that in the service. Second is meet your mover feature. Rest assured we don't take daily contract to workers. Our guys are the most welded movers in the industry and we'll send you their names ahead of time to let you know who's coming to help out with the move and lastly on time guarantee.
Joanna Ballon: If we run late on the time we schedule, we provide discounts by the end of the day. Again, court, no heating fees of any type. No credit card fees, no sterle fees, no disassemble, reassembly fees. As for the clock, we only start the time when we arrive at your current apartment open the contract for you can have us for as long as you need us. And for any move we just have a two and a half hour minimum, but once we go over the minimum, we only charge in fifteen minute interval. Does that make sense?
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay, yes.
Joanna Ballon: Alright now typically a two bedroom apartment usually ground to ground closed range, close distance usually takes three and a half to five and a half hours to move-in your case based on the list you've given me, I'm categorizing it more on a one bedroom word of apartment. Of course just the computer desk is usually outside of the typical. So it's just really more on just of you know, basic furniture, bedroom living room and all that. So usually one bedroom apartments take two and a half to three and a half hours to complete. So in the list I'm already counting you towards the three and a half hours now quote, considering the stairs on both locations I just really want to add more time to that usually we add at least $30.
Cort Griesenbeck: Of course.
Joanna Ballon: 45 minutes on each you know, 35 upstairs. So four applies for the, I mean four out of sales for to pick 11. So right now I'm just estimating your move more on the four and a half to five and a half hour mark. Which is an estimated budget of $1,126 including the one time travel fee, but of course, how prepared we are on the day. We'll definitely help make things quicker. Everything's all good pack to go how organized we will be. And of course the walking distance on both locations will definitely help make things quicker. So the shorter to move the lower the cost at the end of the day. Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: Mm-hmm.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, now if that's all good with you I can definitely get you on the schedule for Tuesday. We don't take any deposits at this time. Payment is upon completion of the move and we can start first job of the day between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM.
Cort Griesenbeck: Okay, yeah, let's go ahead and schedule it then.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, that's perfect and then just to confirm the unit numbers for both apartments. The current one is at 1228. And the new one is 7301, is that correct?
Cort Griesenbeck: Yes.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, I'll go ahead and send everything in an email for your review, if I missed anything, just feel free to respond to the email or give us a call. Whichever works for you. Okay.
Cort Griesenbeck: Alright, sure thanks. Sounds good.
Joanna Ballon: Alright, thank you so much court and I'll go ahead and send the email after our call, and I hope you have a good day.
Cort Griesenbeck: Alright, thank you. You as well. Goodbye.
Joanna Ballon: Thank you, bye.
