Rep: Joel Villatoro
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4760910426742784
Duration: 6.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 19:12 CT
Speakers: Joel Villatoro, Polina Pavlinina

---TRANSCRIPT---

Polina Pavlinina: I.
Joel Villatoro: Hey, this is Hawe with ein moving.
Polina Pavlinina: Hi, my name is Polina and I was trying to get a quote on your website and I think someone from your company was trying to call me earlier and I missed that call. So I would like to, yeah, I would like to get a quote because I don't have that much stuff as I leave by myself and like I'm trying to get rid of the majority of my furniture like the bulky ones and I just wanted to see if the quote that I got on the website is gonna be any different that what you could offer me and, yeah, and schedule a pickup if possible.
Joel Villatoro: Okay.
Joel Villatoro: Mm-hmm.
Joel Villatoro: I believe you might have gotten a quote already. Have you taken a look at your email?
Polina Pavlinina: Yeah, let me see.
Polina Pavlinina: Is it supposed to be on your website or like right like in the instead of the email.
Joel Villatoro: It, you should have gotten an email, I think Joanna sent it earlier but I'm reaching out to Joanna, I think she was working on your quote.
Polina Pavlinina: Yeah, no, I don't know. I don't see anything.
Polina Pavlinina: Yeah, it's just a, like a marketing email or something.
Joel Villatoro: Okay, give me one give me one.
Polina Pavlinina: Yeah, I don't, I don't see a price and then to be honest cause from, is it, is it like, is it gonna be any different? Cause, cause it's like a automated system on the website and.
Joel Villatoro: What's your email?
Polina Pavlinina: Huh.
Joel Villatoro: What's your email?
Polina Pavlinina: It's Polina.Alina P-A-V-L-I-N-I-N-A @gmail.com.
Joel Villatoro: Yeah, it shows that we.
Joel Villatoro: Second.
Polina Pavlinina: Let me see if I can see it on mine.
Joel Villatoro: Yeah, not sure if she just sent it right now or.
Joel Villatoro: Do you guys quoted for a one bedroom on the first floor, going to one bedroom on the second floor with about a ninety minute drive in between.
Polina Pavlinina: That's correct, mm-hmm mm-hmm, so I guess my question is like, if there, if there's gonna be any price difference between like the website quote and the quote that you would personally give me or no, cause I saw there are two options like move the whole apartment and like some custom options. So my, I guess I was just wondering like, what's the difference like, the second option is just like for I wanna move one couch or like what is, could you explain it to me please?
Joel Villatoro: What are we moving? Are we moving the full apartment for you?
Polina Pavlinina: Yes, I guess so.
Joel Villatoro: Okay. Right now we're planning for about like a three and a half four hour move plus that ninety minute drive.
Polina Pavlinina: Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Joel Villatoro: And it's all on an hourly rate basis. So we charge $192 an hour.
Joel Villatoro: And then we have a travel charge of $210 that's it, that's gonna stay the same, just $192 an hour and a $210 travel charge.
Polina Pavlinina: Mm-hmm.
Polina Pavlinina: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Polina Pavlinina: Mm-hmm okay, I got it doesn't I guess I would like to schedule it for Saturday.
Joel Villatoro: Okay, we sent a email to you. It says that we don't have availability is either Thursday.
Joel Villatoro: Or.
Polina Pavlinina: Friday thirty first is that.
Joel Villatoro: Or the Sunday.
Polina Pavlinina: I was requesting a quote for it. Okay, yeah, that'd be great, Saturday, cause Friday, I mean, I initially requested Friday but I guess like, there's gonna be to traffic, so I would rather, I would prefer Saturday instead.
Joel Villatoro: Actually, we do have Saturday.
Joel Villatoro: Okay. The quote, that was sent over was for Thursday. So on Saturday, we charge $100 per mover per hour, so it'd be $200 an hour.
Polina Pavlinina: Mm-hmm okay, I will. I'm interested in Saturday.
Joel Villatoro: Okay, what's the apartment numbers?
Polina Pavlinina: The first one like the one that you're picking up from is apartment D. They're only like four units in that house. And the other one I think it's 28.
Joel Villatoro: Mm-hmm.
Joel Villatoro: You said apartment eight.
Polina Pavlinina: 208.
Joel Villatoro: Okay, sounds good. Does the morning start time of 8:30 work for you?
Polina Pavlinina: Oh, yeah. 8:30 works.
Joel Villatoro: Okay. Alright, sounds good. I'll send over the confirmation email and, and yeah, we're all squared away.
Polina Pavlinina: Sounds good. Thank you so much.
Joel Villatoro: Alright, thank you. Bye-bye.
Polina Pavlinina: Mm-hmm, bye.
