Rep: Khevan Dueck
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4838107808210944
Duration: 21.6 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 17:08 CT
Speakers: Hive Tech Solut, Khevan Dueck

---TRANSCRIPT---

Khevan Dueck: Einstein Moving Company, this is Kevin. How can I help you?
Hive Tech Solut: Hey, how are you?
Khevan Dueck: I'm doing well, thank you. How are you?
Hive Tech Solut: I'm doing good. Thanks for asking you moving services, right? This is Eric.
Khevan Dueck: Yes, we do.
Hive Tech Solut: Okay, can I speak with the business owner Cameron?
Khevan Dueck: You are.
Hive Tech Solut: I got a business before the for your services that can help you to get declined and business from area. Okay, sorry if you don't minute.
Khevan Dueck: Sure.
Hive Tech Solut: Okay.
Hive Tech Solut: Understand, but superfive we have a state of the Artes show your business. On the first page of calling in just thirty to 45 days anybody goes online and make any part services. I'll make sure to find your company on the dog and you the first call at your number but may I know what kind of locks you majorly.
Khevan Dueck: A little bit of both some industrial and even we've been dabbling with, you know, air transport into to space and stuff.
Hive Tech Solut: Okay, then. Perfect, and how many miles can you travel to get it again? Is it like 2030 miles or more than that?
Khevan Dueck: More than twenty or yeah, more, more than that.
Hive Tech Solut: Okay, I am a senior manager with me he will visit your product.
Hive Tech Solut: Hello.
Khevan Dueck: Hello.
Hive Tech Solut: Hey, good morning. How are you?
Khevan Dueck: I'm doing well. How are you?
Hive Tech Solut: I'm doing great, doing phenomenal well, you're having a chat with one of my associate and she was trying to tell you how we can bring value to your business. So let me add-on, okay.
Khevan Dueck: Alright.
Hive Tech Solut: Alright, perfect. So yeah. So, the strategy is quite simple in the dates of miles that you guys are serving you pick and choose the best cities out there like five cities or ten cities of your choice. And we're going to make sure for all those cities. If any customers any clients that comes online and they're looking for any kind of moving services, residential moving commercial moving instead moving. We are going to make sure all the customers will see your business and sign moving company that first option above your competitor. And you guys will start getting calls in customers directly at your number and there is no call, no click Knowle charges. But, you know, I wanna tell you one thing here my job and my guarantee is I will get you calls. I will make sure your cellphone is ringing, but to close the deal with the customer that is always going to be your job, and you know that right.
Khevan Dueck: Of course of course.
Hive Tech Solut: Perfect, and before proceeding further I believe I'm speaking with the owner for Einstein Moving Company, is that right?
Khevan Dueck: Yeah.
Hive Tech Solut: Okay, perfect. So you know, on top of that our services are without any sort of contract. So every thirty you are gonna see with your authorization with your permission we will jump for the next month. And anyhow if you want to cancel, you can it cancel anytime there is no cancellation fee. But you know, I believe in this way when something is working good for you when you are getting calls, when you are getting customers. So even if there is no contract but you will stay in business with me every month, right? Makes sense.
Khevan Dueck: I understand what you're saying.
Hive Tech Solut: So, yeah, that's the whole strategy. That's the whole plan. We guys don't need five to eight months. We only need thirty to 45 days to be charged competitors and to put your name on the top and are they, I'm not charging you for any call, I'm not charging you for any click solea and in my Serg the client is going to call you directly, so there is no third party in this process the clients will, the client will be in touch with you exclusively I will be working on your branding exclusively. Any questions please go ahead.
Khevan Dueck: Well, I mean, it just feels like a, like a very dishonest way to get to the top. I think hard work and reputation would be more, more, you know, fitting of a, of a good company now.
Hive Tech Solut: Yeah, of, of course, let me tell you know, getting you on the top is not the only thing that I'm, you know assuring you here, what my real purpose is, is to get you more calls and new customers and the more customers you have, the more you can bill, the more clients you have, the more reviews you have, the more customers are saying good words about you can make you more repetition and you know, if a customer is, Lei, say 5060 miles away from your zip code from your base area. Let you say alright. And if they are looking for any kind of moving services, it doesn't know your business, your name, your number. Alright. What you're going to happen, they will make a search like a random search like best moving companies in Mara, affordable moving services near me and once they make that search, and if you see your business on the top, alright. They will.
Hive Tech Solut: They are not going to call you directly as well. At that point, what is going to happen, they will see how many reviews you have with customers have to say about you know your work photos every single thing they will go through and then the customer will give you the call. So in that way you know the customer is like, already interested you just have to talk to them nicely, got them the right price and eventually get the job done and on top of that it's not a lot as well. It the service mark sounds premium but it's very affordable.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, well my other question would be right now when you know, if I were to Google it oddly enough other companies will come UpTop which means someone is, someone is doing what you're saying you'll do for me for them and how does that work when someone does it for someone else after you're doing it for me. And now now I'm paying you to do that for me but it's not being done because someone else is doing it for someone else.
Hive Tech Solut: Mm-hmm.
Hive Tech Solut: Mm-hmm.
Hive Tech Solut: Alright, that's a very good question. Well yeah, I mast say now the thing is, you know, if first of all your question is, ha, it has two parts like if, let's just say if I'm, you know, promising you the number one spot, I can call you some of your competitors as well and I can, you know, let, let just see I can offer them the same number one spot but it doesn't make sense, like, you know, if I'm promising you the number one spot, alright, I cannot, you know, give that spot to address as well and you are right about it, you know, in the areas that you are serving. There are thousands of other businesses who are providing, you know, moving services and they are doing marketing for the very longer period of time. So, yeah, in order to beat their rankings and put your name on the top, we need some time, we need at least thirty to 45 days and how exactly will be, happen.
Hive Tech Solut: Install about the keyword, it's all about the content. When we talk about Google. Alright, if we go with the right approach, with the right keywords with the right content obviously, we will get the most out of it, and you're right, the drank it might fluctuate like, you know, once today you're on the, on the top. Let's just say two, you can be on the fifth place, yes, you know again after a day. But once we have established a good, I'll once we, you know, make your business familiar with Google algorithm and it, you know, it's the technical term. But it's, it about this way even if a customer it making searches I just say best moving companies in Maria, alright. And Ben, they selected them for one option and they, I just say five or six seconds, alright, on that website, alright.
Hive Tech Solut: Because and then they bounce back because they didn't get the relevant information what they were looking for. And then after that what they, you know, scroll down and they go to number three spot, whichever the business was a number three spot. And on that website they get the relevant information they stay there for let's say 34 minutes and they give them a call as well. So, in that way Google is going to suspect like this business is the most relevant business to this keyword. Let me show it on up, there is how it works.
Khevan Dueck: Well then, it sounds like.
Hive Tech Solut: Not about getting you on the top it's making the customer go ahead.
Khevan Dueck: I was gonna say it sounds like our website in our transparency would accomplish just that if people are looking at the top ones and they'll find what they need. Once they land on our page Google is gonna recognize they spend time with us and stop searching after that. So, so what would I be looking to pay someone to do what's being done naturally?
Hive Tech Solut: Let me tell you it you know it's not going to be like that you know what exa, how exactly it will be happening. I will be working on your banning and I will design a I. Pages under your business banding, what is that? It's a one page, web page. Alright, and on that webpage you I will have a beautiful logo, your business phone number, your email address, your work photos, the services you're talking, the ABS is serving and that page itself will be compatible with both type of searches like even when the customers they are typing in on Google Yahoo being a mista or even if the mixer, she's with voices like Siri Alexa app and Google app. Because nowadays most of the customers they doesn't like to type in they're making searches with voices like case you find me the best moving company in hey Alexa who is the, you know, know, best moving company near me in my city.
Hive Tech Solut: So, with these type of set as well your business will be visible to the customers and we are going to you know anybody can be on the top but what real, what my real you know, purpose here is to make the customer interested in your business to make the customer still pick rather than your competitors.
Khevan Dueck: Let's see, I see.
Hive Tech Solut: Any questions?
Khevan Dueck: Well, let's gonna stop someone from paying another, you know, another moving company coming by and paying a company that does what you do. Like surely you're not the only one that's doing that's providing this service. So, if someone else comes along, select another company pays them to do what you're saying you'll do for us, then now they're going to be at the top. And then, and then what, who's winning then.
Hive Tech Solut: Of course not.
Hive Tech Solut: Mm-hmm.
Hive Tech Solut: Let me look I will be responsible for that. What, as I said you know, I know in the areas that you are serving there are, you know, thousands of other businesses who are providing the same services and that is why, you know my, I'm very confident in my services as well. And that is why it's, without the contract as well. If I'm not bounding you in any sort of contract that mean I'm in a kind of a contract to perform for a business and to get your business for the next month.
Hive Tech Solut: And it, most of the customers, most of the companies they are you know, targeting the keywords that are, that are having you know, more attractions rather than more conversions. There are two type of keywords. Alright, so what our main focus is to get you on the top with the keywords that are having more conversions. You know if we target the keyword, let you say moving companies in Dallas, Texas a lot of, a lot of customers searches that.
Hive Tech Solut: Alright, but you know if we target the on top of that. We can target the key, let just say best moving companies near me or in my city. Alright with this keyword. Okay. You will get less attractions but whoever is searching best moving companies in my area, he's already looking for the best service one. And he's already interested in the service and once they make that they see your page to see like the best you know your let's just say your, you know, reviews your experience and every single thing and then they give you the call so the customer is already interested. Alright, you just have to talk to them nicely or the right price. So, yeah, I will be responsible for the ranking.
Hive Tech Solut: Of course, you know, after thirty days we are going to sit together again. If you give me a chance and you know, I will show you appropriate report. I will give you the access to live revenue portal. You can log into that and you can see what we are doing on that platform. How many instructions you're getting, how many customers are looking to your ad. How many unit customers are clicking to call direction button you will have the stack by itself and after thirty days based on that stack, you're going to charge me either you're going to work with me for the next month or not.
Khevan Dueck: I want to be honest I was really hard to follow, cause I could hear someone in the background and I was trying to listen to their conversation.
Hive Tech Solut: Oh, no worries. So I was saying you know a, I will give you the access to live revenue portal. Alright, and you can log into that and you can you know see by yourself like what exactly we're doing on that platform, how many interactions you are getting from the customers, how many, like customers are clicking the call to action button, how many, you know, customers are clicking on your ad. So, in that we're based on that report after thirty days you are going to charge me like either you're going to work with me for the next month or not. So I will be responsible for the rankings, I will be responsible for the calls as well.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah.
Khevan Dueck: How much does something like, this cost?
Hive Tech Solut: It depends on how many cities we are working for your business. But we do have some base packages. One is for like five cities and one is for like, ten cities. So, you let me know how many cities you're looking to target. I will give you the best price.
Khevan Dueck: Well, honestly, I, the goal is to target all cities. We want to be the only one in the world at some point.
Hive Tech Solut: But we, you know, if, even if you say like, you know target, like, you know the whole is not a state for you I can agree to that but you know, it, I don't wanna with you know, after like thirty days if I talk, let's just say fifteen or twenty cities in the start, you're going to help me account about where all my rankings in those twenty cities. So, I would suggest you to go with five cities in Theo. Alright, to see how things work out and after thirty days, once you see this thing is working out, then we can add more cities down the road without any extra cost.
Khevan Dueck: And how much is five cities?
Hive Tech Solut: For five cities. We'll be having five of those AI pages. I know your business planning and fifty keywords will be the part of the plan. No call, no click, no charges. It's only going to cost you $250 flat rate for the whole month. No hidden charges, no custom commissions, no lead, no call, no customer charges.
Hive Tech Solut: And I, Alex you know what after like 23 months once we have solid business coming in from these five cities, we will add more cities into it. We will add more services into it and but your monthly budget will stay there as it is.
Hive Tech Solut: So and graduate will expand.
Hive Tech Solut: Right.
Hive Tech Solut: I with me.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, sorry.
Hive Tech Solut: No, it's okay, you're good. So yeah, now, go ahead, give me if you don't have any questions. Give me those five cities that you want to target.
Hive Tech Solut: I'll you again.
Khevan Dueck: In Seattle, did you get all that?
Khevan Dueck: It was. So, did you hear any of that?
Hive Tech Solut: Sorry.
Hive Tech Solut: I lost you. I no, I'm so sorry.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, no. That's good. That's good. I was just thinking out loud and I had a, I was not sure what if I can narrow it down to five.
Hive Tech Solut: Yeah.
Hive Tech Solut: What about, you know, we start with Texas for now like, we can start-up with five major cities in Texas, then after that we can expand, you know, go to other states as well.
Hive Tech Solut: But it's your call. Whatever the state you want me to target whatever the city we can do that.
Hive Tech Solut: Can you hear me?
Hive Tech Solut: Are you there?
Hive Tech Solut: Hello.
Hive Tech Solut: No.
Hive Tech Solut: Hello.
Hive Tech Solut: What's up?
Hive Tech Solut: Hello.
