Rep: Khevan Dueck
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4688280172568576
Duration: 12.4 min
Datetime: 2026-07-10 15:54 CT
Speakers: Khevan Dueck, V Wellman

---TRANSCRIPT---

Khevan Dueck: Einstein Moving Company, this is Kevin. How can I help you?
V Wellman: Hi Kevin, my name is Victoria Wellman I wanted to get a estimate for a local move, please.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, of course. What day were you looking to move Victoria?
V Wellman: Around August 15th that would be preferable but I've got a little flexibility.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Well that far out, we do have some availability so we can go ahead and start with building a profile. Would you, is there a different name on the profile or just Victoria? Wellman.
V Wellman: Mm-hmm.
V Wellman: No, uh-huh Victoria. Wellman.
Khevan Dueck: Alrighty back this morning.
Khevan Dueck: And what is, is this the best number to reach you at Victoria?
V Wellman: Yes, uh-huh.
Khevan Dueck: What's a good email address for you?
V Wellman: V-M-W Victor, whiskey Vegas the E-G-A-S at Gmail.
Khevan Dueck: Alright, and then what was the address we're moving you out of?
V Wellman: The address is 1200 fuller wiser road apartment 916 in us.
Khevan Dueck: And do you have an approximate square footage for your apartment?
V Wellman: Yeah, the apartment is about 800 square feet, no appliances, or pianos or anything like that. Just kind of the general stuff.
Khevan Dueck: And then I'm guessing, based on the size, it's a one bedroom.
V Wellman: Yes. Uh-huh I'm sorry. Yeah, one bedroom. I've got a bunch of gar boxes in the garage. They've been moved around a lot so I'm gonna have to change some of my boxing out mm-hmm I have a direct entry garage. Yeah, the only thing that didn't come in when I moved here was the couch just because it could make a turn coming into the laundry room. So that came down. I'm on a breeze way. I'm sorry.
Khevan Dueck: No, you're good.
Khevan Dueck: So, you have a, you have a garage?
Khevan Dueck: Perfect.
Khevan Dueck: Does that in the couch right now?
Khevan Dueck: In the garage. I'm sorry. Is that in the garage right now?
V Wellman: No, it's in my living room. It just has to go out the front door.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, it was just the only thing that didn't come through the garage, I get it.
V Wellman: Yeah, all the boxes I just brought directly in but I'm on a breezeway on the end too. So whatever they wanna do. Yeah, it's a one plus.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Is, is it a one car garage?
Khevan Dueck: Are you able to fit a car in there if you wanted to, or is it uses a storage?
V Wellman: Oh, no, I have no, I have a car in there. I have actually have the shelves, you know, the good old Home Depot shelves. I have five shelves and there with all my boxes and stuff, I don't like to put them on the.
Khevan Dueck: Okay.
Khevan Dueck: Yes.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Awesome. And as far as the items, we're moving boxes or furniture, do you have any special considerations, anything antique, any gun safe home gym equipment?
V Wellman: No, no, I'm gonna have a couple of antiques. I'm gonna move those myself. The only one thing is I have an extra stop to add that it's very close to where we're going in Fort Worth at a storage unit. I'm gonna drop my bed off cause I'm staying with a friend for a few months we're actually gonna, I'm gonna take my bed.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. Oh, so we're taking the bed to that place and everything else will be storage.
V Wellman: So that's just either first or last. Yeah. Yeah, and drop-off, yup, everything else is going straight into storage.
Khevan Dueck: Perfect. Well we will get the details. Well, first boxes typically a one bedroom is going to have something like 25 boxes. Do you feel like that's arrangement falling or would you have?
V Wellman: I probably, I might have more than that.
V Wellman: I did last time that I was moving everything I owned. So, I probably have.
Khevan Dueck: Okay, would you get somewhere in the maybe 4050. Range?
V Wellman: Probably four. Yeah, I'm gonna say maybe maybe forty I think that's what we had last time and they're smaller.
Khevan Dueck: Easy enough. And then.
Khevan Dueck: Before we, I guess whichever, sorry, go ahead.
V Wellman: No-go ahead. I was gonna say they're not giant boxes, I usually have smaller, so they're less loads, but I keep them small, so I can move them.
Khevan Dueck: Oh, okay.
Khevan Dueck: Makes sense. I was gonna ask, I mean, I was gonna say between which stop we make first. Whether it's the storage for everything or the other address for just the bed whichever is easier for you or depending on I guess just logistics.
V Wellman: Mm-hmm.
V Wellman: Well, it doesn't matter, it's just the driver. How they want to do it, you know, it doesn't matter to me just for loading, it would need to go first or last.
Khevan Dueck: So.
Khevan Dueck: What's the address of the place we're dropping off the bed?
V Wellman: Where? Oh, two that is 104256 pants SI X. PE N. CE lane in Fort Worth, it's right off it's close to with 820 of white settle Flite settlement or eight twenty and thirty whichever way they want to go.
Khevan Dueck: Alright.
Khevan Dueck: Okay. And then what's the address of the storage unit?
V Wellman: The storage unit is, I'm going back where I was before? Which I can't find.
V Wellman: Hang on, let me find my piece of paper while I have all this stuff written down.
V Wellman: There it is, 9528.
V Wellman: White settlement road.
V Wellman: And again it's off 820 south and there's a white settlement exit right before you get to thirty.
Khevan Dueck: Alright, then we'll just kind of get, I guess it doesn't, we'll just put some placeholder information for the house cause all we're doing is dropping off a mattress or beds, it doesn't make a huge dis difference for the storage unit. Is it an indoor or an outdoor unit?
V Wellman: Mm-hmm.
V Wellman: No, I, it's indoor. There's no steps is a direct ground floor direct drive up. Yeah, that's why I'm going back there, I dealt with another one when I lived here previously they had to do the elevator and it's like, no, this is a hassle.
Khevan Dueck: Are we on the ground floor? Perfect.
Khevan Dueck: At.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, do you know what size you need you getting?
V Wellman: Probably 10x10.
Khevan Dueck: Alright, perfect.
V Wellman: It, it's a standard kind of one bedroom full of stuff.
Khevan Dueck: Alright.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, well I've got everything I need to build up the estimate. Typically, I do, usually favors doing storage last just in case there's any items that don't fit in the new spot or any items that maybe decide you want to take to the new spot. So, in my experience tan thing if it's just a.
V Wellman: Well, I'm gonna take, take the, I'm taking a couple of antiques. I'm gonna drive that myself and probably some of the artwork. I had to have some picture boxes and of course, TV, I've got box I keep on my boxes, cause I have to move a lot.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, awesome. Well, before we jump into the price con structure, do you have any specific stresser or concerns about the moving process in general?
V Wellman: Nope, pretty straightforward.
Khevan Dueck: Alright, easy enough. We, we'll jump into it. Agreed jump into it. We charge $102 per hour per mover. The only thing that's gonna land outside of that hourly rate is going to be a $75 transportation.
V Wellman: Per mover, so you're not doing the two men and the truck in the price. So you're charging $204 for the two men and the truck.
Khevan Dueck: So it.
Khevan Dueck: Yes, so that, so, it's $102 per guy. So, it's for a team. Oh two is $204, anything beyond two. It's just it's that same. 102 multiplied by the team size. So two guys the smallest thing we'd send.
V Wellman: Oh.
V Wellman: Per hour. So you realize that's incredibly more expensive than everybody else I've talked to.
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, I understand you know, with a lot of our, we do like to point out that a lot of other, you know, pricing structures that hourly rate is kinda just the starting point for them for us is, is everything. So the 102 or the $204 for a team of two, the only thing that's not included is $75 to get back from white settlement since it lines a little outside our free service area, other than that, $75 everything's included. So the truck itself taxes, re taxes and insurance materials for moving safely like moving blankets, plastic, stretch rap bands and does, and all the tools required for disassemble or reassembly we don't have any additional.
V Wellman: Okay.
V Wellman: Seventy has so set, so Fort Worth is not in your moving area.
V Wellman: Is that what you're telling me?
Khevan Dueck: So we, it is, it's our free service area. It's anytime we're going outside of 29 minutes radius from our office. There's, it could be a transportation fee to get two or from any address beyond that.
V Wellman: So one?
V Wellman: Okay, so where is your office and.
Khevan Dueck: So the most cost effective office for this one would be out of our north Wi, North Richland Hills office actually, that one is that it's gonna be just about 31 miles from or I guess thirty well, right now it's $31.06 from our from the US address I can pull up the actual map for you there.
V Wellman: Okay.
V Wellman: Yeah, I don't think it's quite that far, cause I go there all the time that's why I was.
V Wellman: Okay, I'm writing all this down.
Khevan Dueck: It Boulevard, 26 is where that where our north Ridgeland. Hills office is located?
V Wellman: Okay, so I've got the things that any additional fees for supplies any of that kind of stuff. Gas fuel surges.
Khevan Dueck: No, so, that's $75 to get, not, not a single thing outside of the $75 to get back from the white settlement address. If you can think of something it's included in our hourly rate. We quite literally have zero additional or hidden fees. So you're looking at just that $204 per hour for a team of $2 plus $75 and then it is a two and a half hour minimum. So everything after that is billed fifteen minutes at a time. So you're not charged for the full hour. Should we go into it?
V Wellman: Yeah.
V Wellman: Mm-hmm okay. Should I?
V Wellman: Okay. Alrighty, do you want to put that in writing for me?
Khevan Dueck: Yeah, of course I can send over an email for you. So generally a one bedroom apartment something two and a half to three and a half hours based on the details that removed, I would say three to four only with the additional stop and then something like thirty minutes between the first location and, and the new area where you're going to be at the home and the apart storage you're pretty close together. So, three to four hours, yeah, I would estimate three to four hours for the, for the entire move. Loading everything up, dropping off the bed, dropping off everything else in storage. If we took an entire four hours we're looking at $891 if we beat that estimate or no fees to make up the difference.
V Wellman: Yeah, I figured 22 and a half. Yeah.
V Wellman: Yeah, there are only about a mile.
V Wellman: Yeah.
V Wellman: Yeah, it's never taking more than three hours to for the local moves cause I've actually moved here locally quite a few times.
Khevan Dueck: Awesome. Well, if we took three hours, we're looking at 687 so it is all just, yeah, as, as long as the move takes.
V Wellman: Okay.
V Wellman: Okeydokey. Alrighty. Listen thank you and I apologize I forgotten your name.
Khevan Dueck: And I.
Khevan Dueck: No worries, my name is Kevin.
V Wellman: Kevin. Okay. Yeah, if you would pop that with an email for me, just don't have everything written down, I would appreciate it.
Khevan Dueck: Absolutely, I'll send that over and if you decide to move with us, you can respond directly to that email or give us a callback.
V Wellman: Okay, will do. Thank you, Kevin. Okay, bye-bye.
Khevan Dueck: Alright, of course. Thank you. Bye.
