Rep: Lukas Konrad
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 6593456387072000
Duration: 19.5 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 20:20 CT
Speakers: Lukas Konrad, Ryan Biggs

---TRANSCRIPT---

Ryan Biggs: Hello, good afternoon, Mister.
Lukas Konrad: Good afternoon, this is a Lucas. We've been calling for Ryan.
Lukas Konrad: Lucas with Einstein moving.
Ryan Biggs: Oh, okay. How you doing?
Lukas Konrad: Good, how you doing today bud?
Ryan Biggs: Not too bad.
Lukas Konrad: Oh, man oh, I'm giving you a quick call because I noticed that you sent in some move information for the 4th of August giving you a quick call so we can discuss some of the details about your moving kind of see where I can get going from there.
Ryan Biggs: Okay, sure. Yeah, I was really looking to to get a quote from you guys to see what we're looking at all in, and trying to get two or three quotes, and pick the best one.
Lukas Konrad: For sure, yeah, we can definitely get that quote, kinda dialed in for you today. Yeah, the first question I got for you is going to be the first location where you're currently living at is the 17011. Turn ridge, correct?
Ryan Biggs: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: And we do have this as a 4000 square foot home. That's two floors as well, correct?
Ryan Biggs: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: And in terms of like big ticket items, what are some things we should note that will be taken off on the day in terms of like large heavy bulky cumbersome items.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah. Probably probably the biggest things are two refrigerators and a washer and a dryer. Those are the probably the heaviest things that we have.
Lukas Konrad: In terms of like a bed sets. How many should we expect to move on the day?
Ryan Biggs: 23.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah, we're still, we're still fining, we're still kind of sending stuff out, right now. I'd say right now probably cat on about three we're like I said, we're in a, you know, we're in a bigger house and we're going to a smaller house and we're selling stuff and get rid of stuff, so that's kind of part of what's, what we're doing here. But I, but I would, but I would say three.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha, okay, that does.
Ryan Biggs: They're not full bedroom set. So some of them are just beds.
Ryan Biggs: One full bedroom set and the others are gonna be maybe beds and.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah, bed maybe the other three kind of bed and a dresser but the master bedroom is will be a full cover, full set. We have a 22 dressers in there, and a large king bed.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, and in terms of like couches tables, what should we take note of what's going with those?
Ryan Biggs: I'm gonna let you talk to my wife, she knows what's staying and what's going more than me. Do we have the kitchen table, I wouldn't say it's real large there there's it's seat six but, and so there's kitchen table there is a love seat, there are two chairs, two I guess like club chairs. Maybe you would call them?
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha.
Lukas Konrad: Yeah.
Ryan Biggs: What else did? Let me see what else did you ask about? Oh, there is a sofa sleeper upstairs.
Ryan Biggs: And then, also upstairs, there will be, like, a console table and another kind of negative table, but they're not, they're not lot that large either.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. And then are is there any like a desks and book shelves or like an office or something like that?
Ryan Biggs: There is an office, but we are going to get rid of that. So, I don't think that's going to be in the move from here to the new plate to the new address.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay. And in terms of anything out of the garage like workout equipment, tool boxes, anything like that.
Ryan Biggs: We don't, I mean, we have two boxes but we don't have like a big like check you know, one of the big ones with multiple shelves things in it. We do have some steel. I don't wanna say steel. Their metal, metal racks. The storage shelves that are on wheels. That will be going.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha and when it comes to outside any grills patio sets. Or any like the yard equipment.
Ryan Biggs: We have two grills but there will be no patio furniture or anything like that.
Lukas Konrad: And, or the girls propane or a truck.
Ryan Biggs: They're both propane.
Lukas Konrad: Okay, won't be an issue for us to take them. Okay, it won't be an issue for us to take them but we do request that we can't take the propane. So, to ask you to take that yourself and when it comes to the charcoal one in the event, you can dump out the ash before the move.
Ryan Biggs: Once propane one, yeah.
Ryan Biggs: Oh, we don't, no, we don't, we don't have any charcoals no. Charles.
Lukas Konrad: Oh, okay. Oh, my bad. Alrighty and when it comes to anything inherently fragile TV artwork mirrors, anything like that and with the glass on it or anything antique.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah. We have I don't know about anything intake we have 1234 t.v.s I believe.
Lukas Konrad: And if you were to guest ballpark range of sizes, are they like thirties fifties eighties ran inch wise.
Ryan Biggs: They're just 35 biggest 75 how long?
Ryan Biggs: Fifties and probably a, a forty maybe or 4240.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty.
Lukas Konrad: And when it comes to a box count, it's a little bit hard to judge for like a, like a 4000 square foot home especially when you're like you're downsizing the home size, you're going to, it looks like it's about 2500 square feet, those typically have around about like a 150 boxes or so it might be once getting hard for you to judge this far out. But do you think there's anything that's gonna push you outside that range in terms of maybe live as minimalist. Maybe you're planning on, sorry, maybe have like a lot of books a lot of records or maybe just plan on just purging as much as possible for the move just to have less.
Ryan Biggs: Mm-hmm.
Ryan Biggs: So correct?
Ryan Biggs: We are trying to purge as much as possible. We don't have books or records. I think the 150 is probably a good number. We just now started boxing stuff up and I don't know we'll probably at thirty boxes now. And we've been box for a couple of days now. And.
Ryan Biggs: I think that's a fine. That's fair. Okay.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha, okay. Alrighty. I think that's the main question I have for like the load up address and for the unload address for it looks up a little bit of a drive we're heading out over to new Bronus. It's about like a fifty or so minute drive to get up there. But the address is gonna be 603 grand legacy, correct?
Ryan Biggs: Is it three or 560? Huh, 03603. Grand legacy is correct, yes.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty and 2500 square foot home, one floor as we discussed. Is there anything else to take note of here if it's like a gated community even for both locations is there there's like stairs to get into the home?
Ryan Biggs: It's not the one at turn ridge is a gated community. There are stairs to get in the home.
Ryan Biggs: The one new is not gated and there are maybe a couple of steps up to the front door.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. Okay, I think I have enough to get a decent idea of what we're looking like on the day of but before I kind of break down our pricing structure and how all that works. Do you have any specific concerns or stressors about the moving process in general?
Ryan Biggs: No, we're just kinda under a tight timeframe. We have to be out of this place by the seventh so we're trying to give us an extra day or so once we do the move. So yeah, we're a little bit under a time time content there but other than that not really.
Lukas Konrad: Got.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, well here with our San antonio location for the 4th of August we're looking like a $96 per mover per hour rate. This does include everything we need for the move. So the trucks taxes, insurance is patents, bans and reps to protect all your items as well as any all tools for disassemble and reassembly. So, anything we do take apart, we could put back together for you as well. The only thing that would be outside the hourly rate would be $140 travel charge.
Ryan Biggs: Sure.
Lukas Konrad: Is gonna help cover the wear and town. The trucks fuel use and everything like that. Due to the drive of like to the each location essentially like out to the turn ridge it's about like a thirty minute drive from our office. And the drive from new Bron falls back down is also like about like a thirty or so minute drive. So that's kind of where those travel tris kind of come in to help, you know, cover those aspects. But besides that nothing else is gonna jump out and scare you all on the day of everything else is going to be included with that hourly rate. No additional fees. Like credit card fee, staid fees, disassemble fees, nothing crazy. Our flat hourly rate that travel charge per truck. And then nothing else what we include within our hourly.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Okay, and how many, and how many, yeah, how many people are you recommended for this for this move?
Lukas Konrad: Oh, not to put the cart in front of the horse but at the moment if you guys kind of, I think there's two ways to go this. We can either plan for the worst. If you guys don't purchase much if you guys end up having to take more than what we anticipate we can plan for that. Unless we want to just kind of go for what I think we could take based off what you guys told me, if we're gonna plan for the worst like you know, maximum resources just in case on the day of. If you guys can't purge as much as you can. If everything more is going then what we initially wanted to go based off of what we could not and could get rid of I'd recommend giving you guys three trucks and six movers take care of that. That's once again in the event like we can't take like you guys don't get rid of as much as you guys planned if we're taking more than what we anticipate on the day of but if it's gonna be StraightUp just what we're taking on the day of, I can see this happened with four guys and two trucks.
Lukas Konrad: It might be a pretty longer day based off of like pederson and getting the truck Jan just right to make everything fit. But I do think four guys and two trucks based off of the inventory you gave me is doable but in the event that we do go over it I think we probably should lean towards that three truck route.
Ryan Biggs: Mm-hmm.
Ryan Biggs: No problem but.
Ryan Biggs: How, how long are your trucks or how bigger? How many square footage or whatever? Do you have any pro? Okay.
Lukas Konrad: We have a 26 foot box trucks. So the box of the truck is going to be eight feet wide, eight feet tall and 26 feet deep. It typically fits like a 1700 square foot home equivalent in there when it gets a little bit bigger than that, that's kind of where we dictate how many trucks we need a 4100 square foot home.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Lukas Konrad: It kinda varies in that sense but you're going to a 25 so that typically fits in two trucks but 2500 is kind of that heater point where it's like well if they have more than usual and might need an extra truck with the drive time in between. As well as coming from the larger home and you might have more stuff than what we typically see going to three truck route might not be the worst idea based off of making things faster and efficient because more hands and more space just means it's gonna be easier easier as well as not having to touch in Ganga the truck as well.
Ryan Biggs: Right.
Ryan Biggs: Mm-hmm.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah, I just, I don't know, I just think having more than two trucks maybe, here might be a little bit difficult to just logistically. I don't know, I'm trying to think about how that might all work but okay, what, what's your, what's your best guess on, on, total total cost for us and.
Lukas Konrad: If we go four movers, two trucks as I mentioned it will be a little bit longer of a day. I kind of have your quote for like nine hours, for that size of home and we can get it done in like that eight hour range, but with like that fifty or so minute drive, I put that in there to get us up to that nine hours. So, four movers two truck route for nine hours, we're looking like, $3,736, if we're kind of gonna go a little bit safer go to six movers, three trucks out. I think that they'll be a little bit faster probably around that like seven and a half eight hour range and that's looking closer to like that $5,028 range if we're closer to that eight hours.
Ryan Biggs: Mm-hmm.
Ryan Biggs: Sure.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Okay, so let me ask you something. So say we'd go so we go the two truck range and they get through two trucks and we're like, oh, we got a little bit more can you send more other trucks home and then one more comes and finishes either the, the same evening or you finish it in the morning or something or how would that work?
Lukas Konrad: If we're going to schedule, you can get you scheduled for the nine hours in one day. If you're saying like, if there's residual leftover based off of like the two trucks and there's a little bit extra, there's a chance we can book you for like an additional day just in case, it would be like, you know, two guys, one truck for X. Amount of time. We have a two and a half. Go ahead.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah, I don't.
Ryan Biggs: I think we're doing a good job version. So I I'm thinking the two trucks and, and four guys should be able to knock it out. Like I said the heaviest things are the appliances but I don't know. I mean, it kinda depends how we do in the next couple of weeks here too. I think as we, as we kind of call things down more.
Lukas Konrad: For sure and just to give you a heads-up, we don't require any deposit to get you on the schedule. So if you'd like to book with us, we can book you hypothetically if we get you on the schedule for three trucks and you just after like a week or two, you're like, hey, we've actually done a good number. If we can just break down like one of those trucks and you just want to go that two truck route. We can reduce the resources a lot easier than we can add resources hypothetically in the event like a couple of days before you're like, oh, man, we did not get rid of what we wanted to. We need that extra truck. It'll be harder to add the third versus, minus the third.
Ryan Biggs: Mm-hmm.
Ryan Biggs: Yeah.
Ryan Biggs: No, I got it. Well, I think we're gonna think about it a little bit. But basically, what you're telling me, you guys, you guys charge, you start charging me the rate when they leave your shop and then, when they get back to the shop. Is that how that works? Okay.
Lukas Konrad: Negative, we start the clock once the guys show up to your door and we conduct the walkthrough. That's when the clock begins from there. You have us for as long as you need us. We have a two and a half hour minimum. We charge our clients and then everything else after that gets billed in fifteen minute increments. So, in the event that I'm saying like, oh, I think this takes nine hours. But maybe you guys purged more. And that was just over estimating this. If they end up taking like, say seven hours and 45 minutes on the day, you'll just pay for the time that gets using the day of the estimate is not set in stone, it's just an idea of what we think will take.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Sure.
Ryan Biggs: I understand. But, but, but you're saying basically, you charge us the hourly rate of the time. They're actually at your property or, or through the through the, you know, basically the clock starts when they, when they walk in and the clock stops when they head back to the shop for the day, right? At the end of the day.
Lukas Konrad: For the clock will stop once they get everything into the new home they'll do a final walkthrough through make sure like all the items in the right spot if you need anything adjusted we can do that for you. But if you're saying, yup, everything looks all good. We'll stop the clock, collect payment hit on the road and head back to our home or head back to our yard.
Ryan Biggs: Okay. So you said nine, it's $98 per person and then another $140 for each truck on top of that.
Lukas Konrad: $96 per mover per hour and the, yeah, the truck, the trial fees will be $140 per truck. Correct?
Ryan Biggs: Okay, so there's really no other fees other than the hourly rate for the two guys and the truck charge extra truck charged. Okay, I got you seems pretty straightforward to me. Well let's, we'll we're, like I said I don't know if you can shoot me an email with that info on it and like I said your first, first I've talked to so I wanted to talk to a couple of others and just see how things compare and then we'll.
Lukas Konrad: Correct.
Lukas Konrad: For sure I can get this emailed over to you to the email you have which is the B-I-G-G-E. At, sorry B-I-G-G-S-E-R. @gmail.com correct?
Ryan Biggs: Yeah, that, that's perfect.
Lukas Konrad: Correct, I'll get that sent over to you in just a few minutes and in the event you do decide to get it with us, you can always just reply to that email or just give us a quick call back and we can get you on the schedule as long as we do have that availability from there. The soon you let us know the better. This is the kind of time of the year where we do book out pretty fast. So, I would say 22 weeks or so is a good metric of time to give us a call let us know. But.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Sure.
Ryan Biggs: Okay. Yeah. I'm hoping, I'm hoping that we'll have a decision made here this week so, so we can get it locked in.
Lukas Konrad: For sure and yeah, just wanted to reiterate the note deposit.
Ryan Biggs: As far, as far, hey, I just had a question too about like the TV. So we would, so when you guys come in, will they, will they actually, can they take those off the walls and then just wrap them for you. Is that, is that what they do and plastic or what I do with that?
Lukas Konrad: Correct.
Lukas Konrad: Correct, we do, all the trucks do have like a TV bag which is like a large laptop case and all items are kind of what's it called. Our policy is anything larger than like your average microwave gets pet and wrapped before we move it. So TVs will get pat and wrapped and if the TV fits in that TV bag which I think three of your TV should fit and you have two fifties. And then that forty inch TV as well. So those all can easily fit in the TV bag when it comes to that 75 inch it'll get pattern wrapped and we'll make sure that we do strap it and secure to a wall. So it won't go anywhere in that sense as well.
Ryan Biggs: Okay.
Ryan Biggs: Okay. Perfect. Alright. Well that sounds, sounds pretty good. I appreciate your guys' call and like I said, I'm hoping Aaron the next week to kind of lock this down.
Lukas Konrad: Sure, and I'll get this all emailed over to you in just the next few minutes and if you do end up signing to go with us, give us a callback or just respond to that email we can get you on the schedule from there.
Ryan Biggs: Great, thanks a lot.
Lukas Konrad: Sure, you have a great rest of your day.
Ryan Biggs: Alright, bye-bye.
