Rep: Lukas Konrad
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5230532133330944
Duration: 12.3 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 19:30 CT
Speakers: Lukas Konrad, Nicole Akers

---TRANSCRIPT---

Lukas Konrad: Good afternoon this is Lucas with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Nicole Akers: Yes I was hoping to get a quote on a move.
Lukas Konrad: For sure is this your first time reaching out to us if it or have you submitted a form online already?
Nicole Akers: I did the online.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Give me one second. Let me see where if I could find that guy to pop-up and what would the name on that be?
Nicole Akers: Last name's acres A-K-E-R-S Nikki or Nicole.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay, so.
Nicole Akers: That's forty.
Lukas Konrad: One sec, one sec. One sec.
Lukas Konrad: Alright, I got that pulled up for you and it looks like you're looking to move on the nineteenth and just over a week kind of putting a little tight in that sense. Are you flexible with the move date or just kinda dead? That have to be that day?
Nicole Akers: We, it needs to be within that window. It does not have to be that date.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay. So if we're gonna kind of Skeoch the day a little bit. Let me check see what days we have open. Cause currently the nineteenth is fully booked, the twentieth is looking pretty booked as well. We can get you on for the twenty first. That shouldn't be an issue. If that's okay with you.
Nicole Akers: This. Okay. Yup.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, and next question for you is going to be the little address that you're currently living at is that 8317 umble. Drive, correct?
Nicole Akers: Correct.
Lukas Konrad: And we do have this as a 3000 square foot home. That's two floors as well, correct?
Nicole Akers: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: Alright, and come move day in terms of big ticket items. What are some things we should take note of that will be moving on the day of like large heavy bulky cumbersome items.
Nicole Akers: We have a heavy dining room table, it comes apart industry pieces but it's still heavy two heavy dressers but not like overly. So just regular regular furniture.
Lukas Konrad: Alright. Anything else we need to take out of?
Nicole Akers: I don't think so. Like, every room has a dresser. There's some like buffet tables, but nothing like out of the ordinary.
Lukas Konrad: Are taking any appliances like the Washer/Dryer or fridge?
Nicole Akers: Oh, yes, we are Washer/Dryer and we already hit the fridge was just Washer/Dryer.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty, and in the garage, is there like tool boxes or workout equipment, or anything like that?
Nicole Akers: Are we going to get the workout equipment, we might have some workout equipment.
Lukas Konrad: And what kind of pieces are we talking about like treadmills bikes bar bell weights?
Nicole Akers: Peleton but we might get it ourselves rower, yeah, the rower is really light some free weights but nothing we may end up taking those ourselves.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha, and come outside are we taking any like girls patio sets any yard equipment?
Nicole Akers: No.
Lukas Konrad: Sweet. And it was taking anything inherently fragile TV artwork mirrors anything antique that has glass on it.
Nicole Akers: No.
Nicole Akers: Not that I can think of what we have one giant mirror.
Nicole Akers: That's upstairs.
Lukas Konrad: Alright, ready and or how many bed sets and whatnot are we taking on the day?
Nicole Akers: Four.
Lukas Konrad: And how many couches and like, our clin and chairs love seats and whatnot?
Nicole Akers: Two chairs, I mean two catches.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty and home your size. The 2000 square foot typically has like close to 200 boxes, give or take, might be a little bit hard to judge if you're not fully packed up yet and whatnot. But is there you think that kinda sounds like a roundabout number for you all or do you think it's gonna be way too high? Does that sound like not enough?
Nicole Akers: Feel high but I $200 boxes worth of stuff.
Nicole Akers: I have no clue.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay, well kind of stick it around about there. Okay and will you all be taking care of the packing and when we're talking about that, we mean like getting things boxed up and ready to go or is that something that you look at, looking forward to service?
Nicole Akers: No, we'll do that.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay, and take the main questions I have for the load up. It does look like the unload, it's pretty close. It's kinda like just a miler. So down the road a few minutes away. The 10614 DK ranch road, correct?
Nicole Akers: I'm on the phone.
Nicole Akers: Yeah, it's three box.
Nicole Akers: Yes.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. And what should we take note of, of this house? Is there any like, low hanging trees? Any what's it called, a gate code to get into either entrance or any stairs to get to either home?
Nicole Akers: There's gate code, I mean there's low hanging trees. We're trying to figure that out to see how close she'll be able to get it into the house. How tall is the truck.
Lukas Konrad: The trucks are thirteen and a half feet tall. The main question would be, if in the event that the trees are too low for the trucks again in there how long of a wallet turn up into it was like a normal driveway, just like a normal, normal driveway for our home is about like a thirty or so foot walk.
Nicole Akers: How many feet is it from where the trees are to the garage?
Nicole Akers: Fifty a hundred.
Nicole Akers: Yeah, we don't know maybe fifty feet.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha.
Lukas Konrad: Okay. I think I kinda got the main questions I have that I need for the move in terms of any specific questions or concerns about the move process. Do you have any, any of those?
Nicole Akers: No, but just to let you know, the house is not, we're renovating and it's not complete yet. So things are only going in the garage and in like one room upstairs. So, it's not like the normal full assembly and stuff like that. It would normally be.
Lukas Konrad: Gotcha. Okay, that does help change things a little bit in regards to like what the moves looking like as well but okay, alrighty here with Austin location we do have an hourly rate of $103 per mover per hour, this includes everything we need for the move. So the trucks taxes, insurance is pads, bands wraps to protect your items as well as any Ulti for any disassemble and reassembly. So, anything we do take apart we can put back together for you mentioned that we probably won't be doing that for a lot of the stuff for list, if we're speaking. Cause it's going to the garage but what we'll do for the stuff we do take apart is that we'll like shrink wrap and tape like the hardware to the item itself so that whoever does put it.
Lukas Konrad: Access to that hardware so that they can put it together for you. There's no any additional fees we're not gonna charge for like travels or a long walks going up and downstairs not crazy like that, it's just gonna be a flat hourly rate which is all inclusive for everything that we need for the move. No additional fees for credit cards, stairways disassemble, nothing crazy like that, it's just our flat hourly rate. As I've already mentioned, sorry for the redundancy on that but within our hourly rate we do include our no worries damage coverage where we do set aside $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse anything that does get accidentally damaged along the way the state coverage that we start away from is a 60¢ per pound per item we shy away from that cause it doesn't really cover nicer items. The example I used to kind of compare the two would be in the event like a £50 TV gets knocked over and damaged the state coverage will give you like $30 for it and with our coverage it's a lot, a larger umbrella to cover nicer items like that.
Nicole Akers: Perfect.
Lukas Konrad: We do also have an on time guarantee. So, if we show up outside the window we agree upon, we'll instantly start discounted money off of your final bill not here to waste your time here to get and get the job done, and get out your hair. And the way the clock works is once our guys get on site and conduct the walkthrough. That's when the clock begins. And then from there you have, as far as long as you need us we have a two and a half hour minimum and then everything else after that gets billed in fifteen minute increments. So you are only gonna pay for the time that gets used on the day of a little cafe definitely talking a little bit fast there but you have any questions or anything I mentioned so far.
Nicole Akers: Nope.
Lukas Konrad: Well, for a home your size, a 3000 square foot home we typically see it takes like six movers, three trucks and it's like an all day a fair we're talking like eight plus hours in the day of with the drive time being so close. You said, you could take in some trips yourself beforehand as well and with the unload also go into the garage I definitely don't see there's needing three trucks and six guys it sounds like we could reduce the resources on this my main concern on the day of would be for that unload. If the trees are too low and you're saying like it's a hundred plus foot walk potentially to get in we might need a little bit extra hands for that. Just like, the day doesn't just drag on forever cause that got one trip is taking like a hundred feet one way and 100 feet the other way it's gonna add up in terms of time but with that being said I think it's the whole move would probably be doable with four movers and two trucks.
Nicole Akers: Yup.
Lukas Konrad: Maybe in the event that the tree it might be a little bit too low hanging, we might need to add an ex, repair hands just the day. Go by faster. But I think with four guys two trucks. In the event that the trees aren't an issue, we can look at like seven hours in the day of and that would be an estimated total of $2,884 but that's not set in stone, we're most efficient we move boxes and furniture. So, the more little things she kind of either box up or clear out for, for us on the day of, we'll just make it go faster and make the day go by a little bit smoother as well well. And as I mentioned if they end up needing that extra pair of hands or so for that unload, if the walk is a little bit too crazy that would also change the variables in there as well.
Nicole Akers: Okay.
Lukas Konrad: And for the twenty first, we still do have that availability. Would you like me to get you onto the schedule for that day? We don't require any deposit to get you on. So, this ultimately like no risk to get you on the schedule for that day.
Nicole Akers: Sure can you also send me an email of the what we just talked about the quote? Or I understand it's not a formal quote but.
Lukas Konrad: I can get you the quote sent over. If you'd like or I mean, it's kinda either, or it's either get your spot secured or get the quote. If you want to secure the spot, I can get you a confirmation sent over. And if you just want the information to kind of compare prices and look. Still shop around and look. I can get that sent over to you as well. I do also want to point out that we are booking up pretty fast especially this time of year. So, we have a couple of slots in the twenty first but in the next couple of days, it is a good chance that those couple of slots we filled up.
Nicole Akers: Okay, then let's go ahead and book it. I just wanted like a confirmation of the pricing and everything we discussed.
Lukas Konrad: Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry. Yeah, the confirmation we have all of that in there and secured for you as well.
Nicole Akers: Okay.
Lukas Konrad: Alrighty. I'll get you on the schedule for that day for the form rivers and two trucks and I can get you that email confirmation sent over in just a minute unless you have any other questions or for us today.
Nicole Akers: Nope, that's all.
Lukas Konrad: Sweet, I'll get you on and I'll get you that confirmation email sent over in just a minute. If you have any other questions though, please feel free to give us a call back or respond to that email and we should be able to get back to you as soon as possible from there.
Nicole Akers: Okay, thanks so much.
Lukas Konrad: Of course, you have a great rest of your day.
Nicole Akers: You too bye-bye.
Lukas Konrad: Alright, bye.
