Rep: Nicholas Dagel
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5138506150780928
Duration: 5.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-11 20:45 CT
Speakers: Elaine Crease, Nicholas Dagel

---TRANSCRIPT---

Nicholas Dagel: Start moving, this is Nick.
Elaine Crease: Oh! Hi! I am on your website, I'm trying to get a a quote, and I got one and I had a couple of questions about it.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay. Alright, was this a a quick quote or was just a quote that you got emailed to you?
Elaine Crease: It was a quick quote when I filled out all your little questions.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay, okay.
Elaine Crease: So it said, it gives me a quote of $618 which is not, you know, not necessarily a problem. I just wanna understand. It says, it's based on $103 hourly rate and and for like three hours two movers how does that add up to $618?
Nicholas Dagel: Okay. So it's $103 per hour per mover. And so we, so we charge that per guy and it's a, it's a crew of $2,206 an hour. Yeah.
Elaine Crease: So, double that. Okay, okay. And then I have kind of a, is there someone unusual situation? We don't necessarily have a lot of furniture we have, we're not taking any beds. I've already bought beds, and they've been delivered to my new place. There's only one dresser, there's no couch.
Nicholas Dagel: Yeah.
Elaine Crease: I have a recliner chair which is probably the largest chair I have although I have several other chairs but I just wanted to see if that made any difference in terms of how big a truck you brought or that time and all that sort of thing.
Nicholas Dagel: Yeah, it's the same size truck for, for all the moves that we do and yeah, yeah, at the end of the day we just, we charge for the time, we have the two and a half hour minimum and so you'd be looking at a minimum of a $515 but after two and a half hours, we charge in fifteen minute prorated increments. So everything's complete. Yeah.
Elaine Crease: Oh, okay.
Elaine Crease: Yeah.
Elaine Crease: Okay, well, I seriously doubt. I mean, the other factor here is that my new place is 1.8 miles from where I am now so it's not gonna take very long to get there and then one other thing which I don't know, if you all figure into this, our plan is to actually, we have has a luxury of moving in. I've already signed the lease over there, so we are very gradually taking things, not furniture, but just things over there. And our plan is to actually have all the furniture in our car port waiting for you, so, you don't even have to necessarily come into the house.
Nicholas Dagel: Mm-hmm.
Nicholas Dagel: Yeah.
Nicholas Dagel: Mm-hmm.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay.
Elaine Crease: And so it literally will be, you know, you, it's just less steps, I guess, but, but I have a somewhat steep driveway. So, I don't know if you want to back down, if you even care about knowing about that kind of stuff but it's, it's, it backs it, I'm sorry, I'm trying to figure out how to say this, it, it's steep but the steep part is about twenty feet, and then there's the carport which is not steep at all. It's completely flat.
Nicholas Dagel: Sure.
Nicholas Dagel: Yeah.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay.
Elaine Crease: So, just letting you know other people who come before, have like park their truck at, at the street and literally walk down, you know. So just, just letting you know that if there's some, some in terms of extra time or that kind of thing.
Nicholas Dagel: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay.
Elaine Crease: So I definitely, yeah, I would like to do this I guess so now, I need to actually click on what time, what star time works best for me and okay, okay, yeah, I guess it got everything else and you guys can call me back if you need to. There's very little that's gonna be breakable. So it should, it should go pretty quickly. Alright, sounds, sounds good and I'll wait to hear back from you.
Nicholas Dagel: Gotcha, I.
Nicholas Dagel: Yes, ma'am. Mm-hmm.
Nicholas Dagel: Okay, great. Sounds good.
Nicholas Dagel: Alrighty, you, you're doing the booking online process, okay.
Elaine Crease: Yes, I am.
Nicholas Dagel: Alrighty, great. Well yeah, we once, once that gets kind of confirmed it'll, it'll come on our end and we'll give you a call just to kind of talk about things as like what we call it a kickoff call but yeah once that's confirmed we will reach out to you about it, okay?
Elaine Crease: Okay, and do you need everything upfront or a deposit of a certain amount or what?
Nicholas Dagel: No, no, no deposit necessary. We take all payment at the end.
Elaine Crease: Okay. Okay. Alright, sounds good. Thanks so much for your help.
Nicholas Dagel: No problem. Yeah, take care. Bye-bye.
Elaine Crease: Bye-bye.
