Rep: Nicole Cruz
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4517600277766144
Duration: 8.1 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 17:58 CT
Speakers: Joe Hall, Nicole Cruz

---TRANSCRIPT---

Joe Hall: This is Joe.
Nicole Cruz: Hi, Joe, this is Nicole from Einstein Moving Company. We received your request for an estimate and I just need about ten to fifteen minutes. Is now a good time?
Joe Hall: Yeah, that's fine.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome! I can see here you are requesting to move on Saturday August 1st we actually have one slot left available in the afternoon at 1:00 PM at 1:30 PM rather and to give you an accurate estimate can you please tell me what are the furniture and appliances we are moving.
Joe Hall: Yeah. So for the living room, it would be a couch or and two chairs and small living room table.
Joe Hall: And like a, a TV stand.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Joe Hall: And then dining room table with chairs.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Joe Hall: Two bedroom sets.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Joe Hall: Dresser two night tables.
Joe Hall: And, that's pretty much it for, what would need to be moved the rest of it, we'll move ourselves.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. Awesome. How about any appliances like TV Washer/Dryer or fridge?
Joe Hall: Washer and dryer.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: How about TVs?
Joe Hall: There's, there's two t.v.'s I mean, I guess you could put those as a one or we could possibly move those ourselves.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm okay. If we're going to move the TVs and you no longer have the original box. We can just wrap it with our moving blankets. We don't have boxes for TVs. Will that be fine?
Joe Hall: That's fine.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. And regarding your washer and dryer or the front load, or top load.
Joe Hall: They're well, one of each the washers a top load and the dryers front load.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm okay, the reason I ask is because front loads are fragile during moving process. They usually require a shipping bolts. So that the internal components are intact during the moving process. Do you still have the shipping bolts for the dryer?
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: I see we can still move it. We will just need you to sign a liability waiver. Will that be fine?
Joe Hall: That's fine.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. And for a typical 1000 square footage house we usually expect to see around 35 to 45 boxes to move. Do you think you'll follow within that range?
Joe Hall: We're probably gonna move most of boxes ourselves. But yeah, that if we do it would be within that number.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm okay, that's awesome. And can we park on your driveway?
Joe Hall: Yes.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. To make sure we have correct address here. You're moving from a one story house located in 1094. Unlock drive new Brownell Texas. 78130 and this is a 1000 square footage house and how many bedrooms do you have?
Joe Hall: Three bedrooms.
Nicole Cruz: Three bedrooms, and are we moving items from an additional space like from a garage backyard or shed?
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: Alright. And will there be anything available or expensive like paintings, and take pieces or collections?
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: Alright. Anything heavy like, workout equipment, safe piano or any item that's like, more than £400 individually.
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, and I can see you're moving to a one story house located in 3721 access H. I. street, new brown, fulls Texas. 78132 and this is a 1600 square footage house and can we also park on the driveway?
Joe Hall: Yes.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, is there any additional stop or location?
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: Alright. Before I go over with our pricing structure and your estimate, do you have any specific concern or stress source about the moving process in general?
Joe Hall: No.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, let me explain how our pricing works. It's super simple. We charge $200 per hour for two movers and one truck. And we provide a 26 foot box truck with everything needed. Everything is included in this hourly rate, like the fuel and truck taxes, insurance, all wrap pads and bans to protect your furniture, and appliances, and all the tools for this assembly and reassembly a furniture and appliances. The only thing outside of the hourly rate is a one time travel fee of $140 because both of your current house and the new house is outside of our free service zone. And the best part is there are no heat and fees of any type. No credit card fees, no ster fees, no disassemble or assembly fees. Again, no hidden fees of any type.
Joe Hall: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: In addition to that we have extra perks that our customers really love first we have no worries damage coverage. We provide up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse for any accidental damages. Second we have a me your mover feature. A few days before the move, you will be receiving an email introducing the movers to you just helping ace detention of strangers arriving at your front door and finally we have on time guarantee if we cannot make it in the time window that we arrange we immediately start discounting money of your final bill.
Nicole Cruz: And the way the clock works is the time start as soon as we get on site and open the contract you will have us for as long as you need us for any move. We have a minimum of two and a half hour once we go over the minimum the time is per rated in fifteen minute increments. And based on the items you have mentioned with approximately 45 boxes or less, moving from a one story house, to a one story house with just fifteen minutes drive between location. I will estimate your move to take around four to five hours with two movers and one truck. And it's good to budget around.
Nicole Cruz: $940 to $1,140 which includes the travel fee already. But keep in mind this is just an estimate we will still be charging you for the total time consumed by the end of your move. Does that make sense so far?
Joe Hall: Yeah, I'm just gonna, I appreciate the information. Let me shop around and I'll let you guys know if I want to book it.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm. Okay, sure. I'll be sending you an email for now. It will go over everything we have discussed if you decide to proceed with us you just give us a call we're open everyday from 8:00 AM to 5:30 PM. And to make sure I have correct email address here it's hall JM. 75 @yahoo.com.
Joe Hall: Okay.
Joe Hall: Okay.
Joe Hall: Correct.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. And do you have any questions or anything for me?
Joe Hall: No, thank you.
Nicole Cruz: You're welcome. Thank you as well for picking up my call. Take care and have a great day Joe.
Joe Hall: Alright, alright.
Nicole Cruz: Bye-bye.
