Rep: Nicole Cruz
Branch: South Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4598235705057280
Duration: 15.2 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 16:55 CT
Speakers: Lauren Hudson, Nicole Cruz

---TRANSCRIPT---

Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Nicole Cruz: Hi, this is Nicole from Einstein Moving Company. Am I speaking with Lauren?
Lauren Hudson: You are.
Nicole Cruz: Hi, Lauren, thank you so much for calling us back. I actually tried reaching out to you last June 4th. I also sent you an email with a rough estimate and code did you receive that.
Lauren Hudson: Yes, I did.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, and I would like to discuss the details of your move. This call will just take around ten to fifteen minutes. Will that be fine?
Lauren Hudson: Yes, that's fine.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. I can see here you're moving from a one story house located in 9831 prior bridge drive, Austin, Texas. 78748 square footage 1400 with three bedrooms. And are we moving items from an additional space, like from a garage, backyard or shed?
Lauren Hudson: We do have some items in the garage, and we do have some outdoor furniture on our porch.
Nicole Cruz: I see. And do you have a one car or two car garage?
Lauren Hudson: It's a two car garage.
Nicole Cruz: Two car garage for me to visualize. How many items do you have in the garage? Can you still park two car in the garage?
Lauren Hudson: We can park one car in the garage but it's furniture from inside the house.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: I see. Thank you for confirming.
Lauren Hudson: Like if the furniture we're in the house, we'd park to.
Nicole Cruz: I see. Alright. Thank you for that. And for a typical 1400 square footage house we usually expect to see around 45 to 55 box system. Do you think you'll fall within that range?
Lauren Hudson: We have thirty packed.
Nicole Cruz: Thirty, alright, thank you and oh, so you no longer need our packing service since they are already at. I see.
Lauren Hudson: Uh-huh.
Lauren Hudson: No, yes. Everything is packed and ready to go.
Nicole Cruz: Oh, that's good to hear. Bear with me here?
Nicole Cruz: Okay, I just remove the packing service request and for me to give you an accurate estimate, can you please tell me what are all of the furniture, and appliances we are moving?
Lauren Hudson: Sure, appliances. It's a washer and dryer furniture. It's an outdoor like love feed and chair and a little pedestal table.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: Then it's a a sectional sofa to arm chairs a coffee table. A Hutch a couple of side tables.
Lauren Hudson: A small three drawer hut for the dining room. It's a six chair dining room table and a glass front.
Lauren Hudson: I'll call it a China cabinet and three metal shelves.
Lauren Hudson: For.
Lauren Hudson: The first bedroom. It's a large mirror. A queen size bed, mattress box spring frame, an arm more a side table a desk and like two more little side tables, I think the dust chair and then for the master, it's two side tables, a king bed and metal frame and a dresser and a bench.
Lauren Hudson: And then the garage had uh-huh and then the garage has a small shelf.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, okay.
Lauren Hudson: Four side tables.
Lauren Hudson: And a full mattress in box spring.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, thank you so much regarding your washer and dryer. Are the front load or top load?
Lauren Hudson: The washer is top load and the dryer is front load.
Nicole Cruz: Alright. The reason I ask is because front loads are fragile during moving process. They usually require shipping bolts so that the internal components are intact during the moving process. Do you still have the, I see we can move them without a shipping bolt. So we just need you to sign a liability waiver. Will that be fine?
Lauren Hudson: Yeah, I'm not worried about that. They're older, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Lauren Hudson: That's fine.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. How about other appliances like TV fridge freezer or nothing like that?
Lauren Hudson: Oh, yeah, we do have two t.v.'s and they're already in TV boxes. Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: It's okay, great. Is there anything heavy like, workout equipment safe or edge item. That's like more than £400 individually.
Lauren Hudson: No.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. Anything available are expensive like, paintings, and take pieces or collections.
Lauren Hudson: No.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, great. And can we park on your driveway?
Lauren Hudson: Yes.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, and I can see we're moving your items to a storage unit located in 9300 brody lane, Austin, Texas. 78748 this is on the first floor uh-huh.
Lauren Hudson: We actually, yeah, we actually have a different storage unit that's closer I can give you that.
Nicole Cruz: Oh, okay. What's the address? I'm ready.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: It's 9507 mantech. Road, Austin, Texas. 78748. And it's on the first floor.
Nicole Cruz: Alright, thank you. Is it in outdoor storage or indoor? That's climate control?
Lauren Hudson: Indoor.
Nicole Cruz: Indoor.
Nicole Cruz: And what could be the distance from the parking to your storage unit?
Lauren Hudson: Oh, it's.
Lauren Hudson: Just the hallway like less than fifty feet.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, thank you so much to make sure I got the correct address here. Again, it's 9507. Mena road, Austin, Texas. 78748.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Lauren Hudson: Correct.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome. And what is your unit number?
Lauren Hudson: Oh, let me ask my husband, I don't know that answer.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, no worries. You can just follow us for this information and is there any additional location or stuff mm-hmm.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah, if he, no, she's right here. Let me just ask him, he might know.
Nicole Cruz: Oh, okay. I can wait here.
Lauren Hudson: For some unit number, the storage.
Lauren Hudson: Okay, he's gonna look it up.
Nicole Cruz: I'll wait here. Thank you.
Lauren Hudson: 213, AMB.
Nicole Cruz: Again it's 213, A as in Alpha, M. As in Mary, B as in boy.
Lauren Hudson: Oh, A as in Alpha, B. As in boy, two. Yeah.
Nicole Cruz: So again thank you so much $21,383. Alright, and before I go over with our pricing structure and your estimate, do you have any specific concern or stress source about the moving process in general?
Lauren Hudson: Well, timing will be an issue, we actually hired movers that are ghosting us today and we need to get this done week.
Nicole Cruz: Okay. Okay, what is your preferred move date? Because what we have here is July 18th Saturday.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah, today is my preferred move date or tomorrow or Tuesday but today is my prefer and I know that might not happen.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: Uh-huh I see the next available we have is here is Tuesday July 14th, will that work for you? Awesome.
Lauren Hudson: Okay. Yeah, this company goes to then that will have to work?
Nicole Cruz: Alright, and let me explain how our pricing works. It's super simple. We charge $206 per hour for two movers and one truck. And we provide a 26 foot box truck with everything needed. Everything is included in this hourly rate, like the fuel and truck taxes, insurance. All wrap pads advan to protect your items if needed and all the tools for this assembly, if needed, we have it ready and the best part is there are no hidden fees of any type. No credit card fees, no transportation fees, no disassemble or assembly fees, again, no hidden fees of any type.
Nicole Cruz: In addition to that we have extra perks that our customers really love first we have no worries damage coverage, we provide up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace or reimburse for any accidental damages. Second we have Amit your mover feature a few days before the move, you will be receiving an email introducing the movers to you just helping is detention of strangers arriving at your front door and finally we have on time guarantee if we cannot make it in the time window that we arrange, we immediately start discounting money of your final bill and the way the clock work is the time start as soon as we get on site and open the contract you will have us for as long as you need us for any move. We have a two and a half hour minimum once we go over the minimum the time is per rated in fifteen minute increments.
Lauren Hudson: I think.
Nicole Cruz: And based on the items you've mentioned moving from a one story house the first floor storage unit with just five minutes drive at one location. I will estimate your move to take around five to six hours with two movers and one truck and it's good to budget around $1,030.21236 but keep in mind we are a time based company, so we will just be charging you for the total time concerned by the end of your move. Does that make sense so far?
Lauren Hudson: Yes, it does. Do you have any questions?
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, and.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: He has also would like to mention there's no deposit record if you'll have to reschedule or cancel no fees for that either. Would you like me to get you on the schedule?
Lauren Hudson: Mm-hmm.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: For Tuesday, yes let me ask my husband one question. Can you can you fluctuate your day if that needs to happen on Tuesday, if they don't show up? There's no, there's no deposit or cancellation fee. If the, if these movers don't show up today, then we can get it done on Tuesday. Okay, okay, yes, we would like to get on your schedule for Tuesday. What time?
Nicole Cruz: Oh, sure.
Nicole Cruz: Okay, awesome. The earliest we have is 8:30 AM.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah, let's do that.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, and please expect us to arrive within thirty minutes depending on the traffic within 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM and to make sure we have correct information here, your full name is Lauren Hudson email address, Lauren L. Hadson. 24 @gmail.com and phone number. 832-571-7432, is that okay?
Lauren Hudson: Alright.
Lauren Hudson: Yes, that is correct.
Nicole Cruz: Awesome, and I'll be sending you a confirmation email at the end of this call and do you have any question or anything for me?
Lauren Hudson: So.
Lauren Hudson: You all will come Tuesday between 8:30 and nine if, cause I really think we're being ghosted by this company if they show up and we get the move done today, which I don't think it's gonna happen. Do I just call back and cancel for Tuesday?
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: Yes, please just give us a call. We're open everyday from 8:00 AM to 5:30 PM.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: Okay, thank you so much and so, so really like, I think it's gonna be on but I would call today and, and let you know if we don't need that spot on Tuesday.
Nicole Cruz: Mm-hmm.
Nicole Cruz: Okay.
Nicole Cruz: Alright. Okay, we'll just wait for your call. If ever, if they don't, I mean, if they ever show up and you have to cancel or alternatively, you can also send this an email. You can reply to the email that I'll be sending after this call if you, if you will be needing to cancel and do you have you're welcome. Do you have any other question or anything for Lauren?
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Lauren Hudson: Okay.
Lauren Hudson: Okay, thank you.
Lauren Hudson: I don't think so. Thank you.
Nicole Cruz: You're welcome. Thank you as well for considering Einstein. Take care and you have a great day, okay?
Lauren Hudson: Yeah.
Lauren Hudson: Yes, bye.
Nicole Cruz: Bye-bye.
