Rep: Rance Pope
Branch: North Austin Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5581523303211008
Duration: 7.9 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 15:49 CT
Speakers: Olivia Ison, Rance Pope

---TRANSCRIPT---

Rance Pope: Hello, this is ran with Einstein moving, how can I help you?
Olivia Ison: Hi I submitted a quote request a few minutes ago and I got a text saying to call you for, to finalize the details.
Rance Pope: Okay. What's the email address you would have submitted your request under?
Olivia Ison: It's Olivia. Sewer.ison @gmail.com.
Rance Pope: The move August 15th from Jackson Ave to thresh wood drive.
Olivia Ison: Correct.
Rance Pope: Fantastic, yeah, we just wanna confirm some of the details. First of all, what's the unit number that you're going to be moving out of at the Jackson Avenue?
Olivia Ison: It's 6:15.
Rance Pope: Let's say that's an 800 square foot one bedroom apartment.
Olivia Ison: Yes.
Rance Pope: Fantastic. And are there any additional rooms or is it just one bedroom. Is there like an office or anything like that in there?
Olivia Ison: No, it's just one bedroom and a kitchen and living area.
Rance Pope: Okay. Awesome. Cool. And that's on the sixth floor. There is an elevator there, it looks like.
Olivia Ison: Yes.
Rance Pope: Cool. As far as the furniture we're moving, is it a pretty standard like apartment furniture. Do you have on anything unusually larger, bulky like a large workout equipment, treadmill like an upright piano. Anything crazy like that, gun safe?
Olivia Ison: No, nothing crazy and it's just to move like the big stuff. I don't need any of my clothes or, or kitchen appliances moved like, just, just a few like, under ten items.
Rance Pope: Okay, what are those items if you don't mind? Kind of, of the Stoots.
Olivia Ison: Yeah, it'll be two bedside tables, a queen bed frame and mattress a couch.
Olivia Ison: To like two living chairs. A TV. Sorry what's it called? Like a TV stand? Yes. A rug, a coffee table.
Rance Pope: TV stand, yeah.
Olivia Ison: And then like an entry way table. Like a wicker table.
Rance Pope: And do you think we'll be moving any boxes, or you're just the larger furniture itself?
Olivia Ison: Maybe, just a few but nothing, nothing crazy.
Rance Pope: Okay, awesome.
Olivia Ison: And then I will need to make one stop on the way to the house, the direct drive address. Yes, it'll be to a storage unit and that storage.
Rance Pope: Some an additional stop for it.
Rance Pope: Okay. Are we going to be loading or unloading there?
Olivia Ison: Unloading.
Rance Pope: Okay, what's the address for the storage unit?
Olivia Ison: It's called right, say storage, and the address is 8956 Research Boulevard.
Olivia Ison: And it's about half a mile away from the thresh wood drive address.
Rance Pope: Okay. And is that an indoor, or outdoor storage unit?
Olivia Ison: It is outdoor.
Rance Pope: Do you know the size of the unit?
Olivia Ison: By teen ten by fifteen.
Rance Pope: I assume that's first floor since it's outdoor.
Olivia Ison: Yes.
Rance Pope: What are we going to be unloading at the storage unit?
Olivia Ison: What are we going to be unloading? It will be the TV stand, breakfast table and chairs. I think that's it actually.
Olivia Ison: Yes, just about the three items to the storage unit.
Rance Pope: Okay.
Olivia Ison: Mm-hmm.
Rance Pope: Very quick.
Rance Pope: Cool.
Rance Pope: And it looks like somebody has already sent you an estimate but just to kind of go over the details and confirm, I would say that looks pretty accurate as far as what we have, I would say, based on the furniture removing for you that will probably come in under the estimate, but with the additional stuff, I just kind of like to allow some more time for the storage June. So I would say five hours, it's probably, probably right on generally for one bedroom apartment that's gonna take two and a half to three and a half hours. However, your load up location we got that six floor and a fairly long walk which both had a decent amount of time to it. So, I would add it.
Olivia Ison: Mm-hmm.
Rance Pope: You know, like an hour or so there to put you a kind of at the higher and then that maybe around four hours. And then I don't think it'll take an hour at the storage unit. It should be a pretty quick stop but we do have to, you know, pull in and drop the ramp and all that kind of good stuff. So, I would say five hours is probably a pretty good conservative estimate for you as far as what to expect for time. Like I say, I think that's on the higher side will likely come in under that. But I'd rather give you good news at the end of your move and bad news. Oh.
Olivia Ison: Okay. Yeah, that all sounds fine.
Rance Pope: Fantastic on good and do you want to go ahead and let's see.
Rance Pope: 8:15, did you want to go ahead and get this moved booked for the Saturday August 15th?
Olivia Ison: Yes please.
Rance Pope: Fantastic, alright, we've got you booked for the morning of Saturday the fifteenth. The movers will arrive at your apartment, sometime between 8:30 and nine. They'll give you a call in the morning when they're departing the facility to give you a heads-up and an ETA. But other than that, you are all set, you can just be on the lookout for that confirmation email. If anything looks incorrect. As far as the information on it, feel free to reach out to me but otherwise, see in about a month.
Olivia Ison: Okay, thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Rance Pope: Yes ma'am, thank you. You have a nice day.
Olivia Ison: You too.
Rance Pope: Yup.
