Rep: Roselyn Pammit
Branch: Dallas Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 4913057713823744
Duration: 8.7 min
Datetime: 2026-07-12 16:45 CT
Speakers: Daniel Abbo, Roselyn Pammit

---TRANSCRIPT---

Daniel Abbo: Thank you for calling.
Roselyn Pammit: Hello, good afternoon. Hi, this is Anne. How can I, I'm good. How about you? How can I help you?
Daniel Abbo: Hi, how are you? Hi, I'm doing well. I wanted a quote for a move-in for this upcoming Saturday the eighteenth. Did you help me with that?
Roselyn Pammit: Let me check availability first. Okay, one moment with me.
Roselyn Pammit: What are we moving? Are we moving a house? An apartment?
Daniel Abbo: An apartment.
Roselyn Pammit: Is it a one bedroom or a two bedroom apartment?
Daniel Abbo: It's a one bedroom. We're moving into a two bedroom apartment. So it's actually in the same building. So we don't even need a truck or anything, we literally just need some strong people to help.
Roselyn Pammit: Oh, unfortunately, we don't do loading only. We cannot be able to put it items inside the truck.
Daniel Abbo: Don't do.
Daniel Abbo: I'm sorry. Say that again.
Roselyn Pammit: We cannot be able to load the third party truck. We can only help you to unload.
Daniel Abbo: No, no, we don't, we don't need, we don't need a truck at all. Everything is already here. We're moving into, it's the same building so we're moving from a different unit within the same building. So we don't need a truck at all.
Roselyn Pammit: A different. Okay.
Roselyn Pammit: The truck is actually the mode of transportation of the mover so they cannot be able to, to go there by food whether you use it or not. Then we would still have the truck because the Dolly and the other equipment is shouldn't there. So upon checking here on Saturday let me check that would be the eighteenth, one moment. We still have availability but that would be in the afternoon.
Daniel Abbo: Okay.
Daniel Abbo: Okay.
Daniel Abbo: Yeah.
Daniel Abbo: Okay. Yeah, we have the, we have the elevator reserved from 1:00 PM to 4:00 PM on the Saturday.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, if that'll be the case I just need to ask you some information in order for me to walk you through how our pricing works and give you the full estimate. Would that be okay?
Daniel Abbo: Sure.
Roselyn Pammit: To start with me, please have your name.
Daniel Abbo: Daniel.
Roselyn Pammit: And your last name please.
Daniel Abbo: Abo A-B-B-O.
Roselyn Pammit: Thank you.
Roselyn Pammit: And would this be your best contact number?
Daniel Abbo: Yes.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, may I please have your email address?
Daniel Abbo: Daniel @abo.net.
Roselyn Pammit: Thank you. How did you hear about our services?
Daniel Abbo: Google.
Roselyn Pammit: Google. Okay. Okay.
Roselyn Pammit: And may I please have the, sorry is this the first time that you've called us or you have within a quote request online?
Daniel Abbo: I just put in a quote request online, but it was way too expensive. We're just moving things within the same building. So I was hoping I could get a, a, a more specific quote.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay, no worries. Just to make sure the first location is 2500 Mackin Avenue and this is a one bedroom apartment. Okay, same building, is it same building? Same time?
Daniel Abbo: Yes, and we're moving, of course in the same building.
Daniel Abbo: Yeah, all we really need help with is, sorry, we're going to have we're going to have all the boxes packed and everything. We're, we'll really just need help with the TV, the couch, the bed, just the furniture, really. All the appliances and everything stay. So it's just the heavier stuff and hopefully the some of the equipment.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay. So just to make sure the location is 2500 McKinney Avenue, Dallas, Texas. This is a one bedroom apartment square footage is 800. What is the unit number?
Daniel Abbo: It's 406.
Roselyn Pammit: Do you have, do we have any additional room aside from one bedroom, like game room? Study room garage? No, okay, this is located on the fourth floor.
Daniel Abbo: No.
Daniel Abbo: Living room. Yes.
Roselyn Pammit: With elevators, is it with the same building and same Publix.
Daniel Abbo: Yes.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay. What's the walk distance from your front door on the current location? Going to the new location? Is it like a minute walk, half a minute walk.
Daniel Abbo: It's a, it's twenty feet to the elevator, it's 14 up and then, twenty feet from there, thirty second walk less.
Roselyn Pammit: Okay.
Roselyn Pammit: Regarding your items, do we have anything large or have you, let's say, if piano large workout equipments washers drawer steam. Do we have?
Daniel Abbo: No, no one under that, just couch and bed. That's the biggest thing.
Roselyn Pammit: Do you have anything valuable or Fragale collection? In artwork collection? Anything made of marble vane glass.
Daniel Abbo: No.
Roselyn Pammit: Are we moving boxes?
Daniel Abbo: Boxes. Yeah, I'm sure we'll have boxes or bags or, or something to move the ar items. Definitely.
Roselyn Pammit: So a typical box count based on your home size is fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you feel that you fall within that range?
Daniel Abbo: Fifteen to 25 boxes seems like a lot of boxes. I mean, I don't know we're going to have we'll have five people ourselves to help but we just want a couple of you guys. This is a lot of questions. I just really want a basic quote to understand what it might cost. Can you, could you tell me what that is?
Roselyn Pammit: Mm-hmm.
Roselyn Pammit: Yes, I understand, I cannot be able to provide you the quote without the information that's why we're trying to, to ask you this information so we can give you a quote and they'll let you know how many movers, how many hours.
Daniel Abbo: Okay. It's just, it's really just like we need help with a couple of pieces of furniture and we'd love obviously the guys to come with their like equipment to help us move maybe, yes, I don't know fifteen boxes.
Roselyn Pammit: Fifteen no need help impacting this is from point eight to point me. What's the unit number for the new location?
Daniel Abbo: 501.
Roselyn Pammit: This is located on the fifth floor with elevators. Do we have access concerns?
Daniel Abbo: Yes, yup.
Daniel Abbo: Access concerns, no.
Roselyn Pammit: Like Narro Pasha and hole.
Daniel Abbo: Nope.
Roselyn Pammit: Let me explain how our pricing works, then it is super simple we charge an or you rate of 109 dollar per hour per mover and we provide 26 foot box truck with everything needed. Everything is already included on the R E. Weight, that is the gas trucks taxes and insurance. All the wraps, the pods, the bonds to protect your item and remove, and all of the tools for disassemble and we assembly furniture and appliances. In addition to that simple and easy to understand pricing we also have some extra perks that our customer really appreciate. So first is that we have no worry damage coverage included on the R rate that you're paying us. We will provide up to 2000 dollars per move. That is to repair, replace and reimburse for your items.
Daniel Abbo: Okay.
Daniel Abbo: Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry to interrupt you but I don't have, I don't have that much time. So I was just wondering for two movers for two hours. How much would that cost me?
Roselyn Pammit: We have a minimum of two and a half hours for any move and two movers that would be 545 gallons.
Daniel Abbo: Okay, so two movers for two and a half hours. How much would that cost me?
Roselyn Pammit: 545.
Daniel Abbo: Okay, one second.
Daniel Abbo: Yeah, do you mind can you just send it to me via email so I can have it as a quote and then I'm gonna shop around and see if there's less expensive options and then I can get back to you.
Roselyn Pammit: Sure, I'll send it over.
Daniel Abbo: Okay, thank you so much.
Roselyn Pammit: Thank you, bye.
Daniel Abbo: Bye.
