Rep: Therese Ablang
Branch: Leander Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5963004163334144
Duration: 11.2 min
Datetime: 2026-07-07 20:04 CT
Speakers: Charina Gruen AB, Therese Ablang

---TRANSCRIPT---

Charina Gruen AB: You record your name and reason for calling. I'll see if this person is available.
Therese Ablang: My name is Teresa from Einstein Moving Company.
Charina Gruen AB: Thanks Teresa from Einstein. Please stay on the line.
Charina Gruen AB: Uh-huh.
Therese Ablang: Hi, there, this is Teresa from mind musing company. Am I speaking with Corina or Erina?
Charina Gruen AB: Sure, Erina yes.
Therese Ablang: Hi there, so we noticed that you book your move online and I was just reaching out to conduct your kickoff call. So is this a good time?
Charina Gruen AB: Yeah, hold, hold on. Okay.
Therese Ablang: Okay, sure.
Charina Gruen AB: Hello.
Therese Ablang: Yes, Tely can you hear me?
Charina Gruen AB: Okay, there we go. I have to put you in like an air or something. Yeah, cause I'm working on something but or we have a handful. So, yeah, that'd be fine.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Alright. Perfect. So, yes ma'am I see that you are booked for Tuesday the 28th of July. And we have this in the morning with an 8:30 to 9:00 AM start window. And our movers will of course give you a call once they are on their way. Is this the best number to reach you?
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: This number, yes.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and the starting address is 7501. Pearson ranch road. Can I have the unit number please?
Charina Gruen AB: It's 2207.
Therese Ablang: Okay, thank you.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: And so this is a one bedroom apartment on the second floor with elevator access. What is the square footage of your apartment, ma'am?
Charina Gruen AB: Correct.
Charina Gruen AB: I couldn't. That's why I didn't put it in there cause I couldn't really figure out, I never like measure it or something and then I forgot to didn't have a chance to look into apartment thing, so.
Therese Ablang: Oh, that's okay, no worries. Okay.
Therese Ablang: And do you have additional spaces that we need to move for you? Any items from a garage or you have.
Charina Gruen AB: No, it's just very small it's very small majority. Really is, it's probably just a very short our majority is just like one slipper sofa, one like the chair but like a sofa but it's just the one individual are, oh, no, there's two cause they're one in the bedroom and then a bedroom set and then some boxes or like I have a small stores like a.
Charina Gruen AB: What do you call them for like you cleaning stuff, like the tall stuff. That's so, just those basically like major or like surge box system pretty much it, it's a small.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Are we moving any like bedroom furniture for you as well?
Charina Gruen AB: Just a bedroom, bedroom, bedroom set like the, it's wood made wood. And then, the, what's that night, then. Two nights, then my, yeah, my bedroom is just a small items like, you know, mattress and be bedrooms that basically.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm alright, perfect. And typically for a one bedroom apartment we would usually see about fifteen to 25 boxes. Do you feel like you'd fall within the standard range?
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm fifteen to you said 1520 boxes. Not including the furniture, right? Just the boxes.
Therese Ablang: Yes, $15 to $25.
Therese Ablang: Yes. Just the boxes. Yup.
Charina Gruen AB: Oh, yeah I'm probably list, but, yeah.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Gotcha. Alright, and then so what is the block distance from where we can park the truck to the elevator.
Charina Gruen AB: So probably.
Charina Gruen AB: 200 feet, something. Because you can barely park to near, near the elevator. Oh, I can't figure out.
Therese Ablang: Okay. And then once we get up to the second floor, is the apartment right there, or is there a hallway maybe?
Charina Gruen AB: There's a hallway, I'm in the middle actually. So there is like, probably.
Charina Gruen AB: Six or five rooms or unit and I'm in the middle, so I like that.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm okay. Gotcha.
Therese Ablang: Alright. And then you're moving everything to the storage at 16700 ranch to market road 620, and this is a first floor 10x10 storage unit. Is this an indoor or a drive up storage unit, ma'am?
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: Yeah, mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: It's an indoor, so there's a huge come in. They can park right? Just the entrance and.
Charina Gruen AB: Let me put it's indoor, so it's like, I mean the, but also but it's not that far from you know, moving.
Therese Ablang: Am mm-hmm?
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha. Alright, and do you have a would you say that would be we have it as twenty feet et tier is that correct or?
Charina Gruen AB: Oh, what is?
Therese Ablang: We have the walk distance for the storage unit. At fifty feet. Yeah, at twenty feet. Is that correct?
Charina Gruen AB: The storage.
Charina Gruen AB: Twenty feet. Oh, I from the door, from the door or from the actual storage.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm from the actual storage ma'am.
Charina Gruen AB: Oh, no, it'll be more, it'll be more. I think that's like from the door like entrance. So it's from the entrance it would be.
Therese Ablang: Am okay.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Charina Gruen AB: Alright, I don't know how many feet would that be? It'd be a lot. I mean, not like a lot buddy. Just really, not that far.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Charina Gruen AB: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm not good at like feet and, and measure to look up but you'd be each, I mean, you know, it's not cause it's in the first floor and then it's very smooth face gone.
Therese Ablang: Oh, that's okay. Uh-huh alright.
Therese Ablang: Okay, do you have the storage unit number by the way or.
Charina Gruen AB: Yeah, it's, I think it's 1027.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: A.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and so, thank you so much for that information here, I see that we, so for this day which is Tuesday, the 28th of July, so we charge an hourly rate of $96 per hour, per mover. We'll be sending two movers your way, I see that. So everything is included in the hourly rate. The only thing that is not included is a $75 travel fee, is that second location it falls outside our free service area, but other than this there are no additional fees of any type and.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: So the only thing that we do have ma'am is a two and a half hour minimum. If and when we exceed the two and a half hours we charge in fifteen minute increments at the same hourly rate. So, did you have any questions with regards to our pricing or the estimate?
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: No, no, I mean, it's pretty much explained there.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Yes ma'am, alright, well, also since you are moving some furniture items and boxes into storage, just to let you know as well. If for example, you do decide, so we our movers wrap and pad the furniture items to protected if you do decide that you'd like to keep, keep your furniture items wrapped and padded while and storage. That's perfectly fine as well. We only truck, we only ask that you place a $12 deposit per moving blanket is, this is the case. And then once you can keep the blankets for as long as you need and then return. Once you return them we will of course return the deposit as well.
Therese Ablang: But of course. Conversely if you don't want to keep your furniture items wrapped and padded then that's perfectly fine as well.
Charina Gruen AB: You could.
Charina Gruen AB: Pro it padded blankets or something or just the what? Okay. I have many blankets. I actually like moving drain. Kids'. Sorry so I can get you. I.
Therese Ablang: Yes, ma'am. Yes, that's correct.
Therese Ablang: Oh, okay. Yeah, we can definitely users as well. Yes, ma'am.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, alright. So just to give you an idea as well of the services that we offer we also do.
Therese Ablang: Yeah, handle any Thea family that you require as well. So there shouldn't be a problem with that and we will of course, be reaching out to you a few days before the actual move. We will be sending a me remover email that who was showing up a your door on the day. And we'll also conduct a courtesy call the day before just to check-in and make sure that we're all set. But of course at the being time, if you do come up with any questions, any concerns or if any, anything changes with regards to your move or your move date then please don't hesitate to reach back out to us, okay?
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: Uh-huh.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm.
Charina Gruen AB: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright. Did you have any questions for me at this point?
Charina Gruen AB: Not not right now.
Therese Ablang: Okay. Well, thank you so much for taking my call, and you have a good day ahead, ma'am, ma'am. Thank you, bye-bye.
Charina Gruen AB: Thank you. Sure mm-hmm mm-hmm bye.
