Rep: Therese Ablang
Branch: San Antonio Einstein Moving Company
Call ID: 5652206706696192
Duration: 13.5 min
Datetime: 2026-07-07 21:04 CT
Speakers: Sophia Cabaza AB, Therese Ablang

---TRANSCRIPT---

Therese Ablang: Hi, there. This is Teresa from mini moving company. Am I speaking with Apha?
Therese Ablang: Hi, there ma'am. So, we've noticed that you book your move online and I was just reaching out to conduct your kickoff call. So is this a good time?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yes, hi.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, that would be great and I actually realized after I booked it, I would love for it to be at 8:30 but that is the dam signing papers and getting a key to my house. So 8:30 would probably be too early.
Therese Ablang: Oh, okay. Gotcha. Would you prefer an afternoon instead or?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah! I think I may have a little too preemptively. So, cause I need to talk to my realtor first about like what, cause that's our, like, our signing day. So I'll get the keys that day, but I just don't know what time that would be.
Therese Ablang: Oh, okay. Well, no worries. Just in case that happens, we can reschedule you if ever I would keep the slot for the moment though if it is the Saturday, we already have limited availability on that day. But yeah, if this day doesn't work out, you can give us a call so that we can look into rescheduling. Alright, perfect!
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay, and I'm, what's this?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, yeah but it just keep it for now, that makes sense. Okay.
Therese Ablang: Alright, and so I see so this phone number ma'am, so I see that you're scheduled right now for the morning of Saturday August 1st with an 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM start window, and is this the best number to reach you?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and the starting address that we have here is 4633 Cloverleaf Avenue in San antonio. Can I please have the unit number for the apartment.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yes.
Sophia Cabaza AB: It's unit seven.
Therese Ablang: Alright. And so this seems to be a 1000 square foot, two bedroom apartment on the second floor with stairs, is that correct?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and do you have additional spaces that we need to move any items from a garage or balcony or anything like that?
Sophia Cabaza AB: So, also another thing that's kind of changed so, my boyfriend is moving in with me of the house. Mean initially said he was gonna move this stuff but then he got out, I was doing a moving truck but usually is there any way so he has all of his stuff stored at, at an address on Devonshire. So it's about two blocks away from department complex in a garage. And it's like, pretty easily accessible. So, I wanted to add like one stop on the route, so maybe Devonshire would be the first stop and then my apartment will be second.
Therese Ablang: Okay, sure.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Let me just flip the list. What the exact address from him? What is, let me.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm, sure.
Sophia Cabaza AB: I'm just texting him now. Sorry.
Therese Ablang: That's okay, no worries.
Therese Ablang: And.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Hopefully he responds and, but he doesn't have like, too much like, it's mainly close. It's one desk. So I don't think it's gonna attack on like a ton of time and it's already packed up. Cause he was initially gonna move into that house so all of this stuff is packed in the garage.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: And for the, apart for your apartment ma'am, would we be able to park right by the bottom of the stairs at this first location?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, it's yeah, it's pretty accessible to the stairs and then it's just like a short sidewalk out to, like, the street.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: It's like, it's not an apartment complex with like parking garages or anything. It's like street parking, so you could park right in front of the unit.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Oh, and he just texted me his address, it's 216 Devonshire.
Therese Ablang: Let me see here. Is that 78209, is that correct?
Therese Ablang: Okay, let me add that on here.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Mm-hmm, yes.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and, and.
Therese Ablang: And this is a one story. He but everything will be coming for the garage. Is that correct?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, and it should be super easy and quick. Yeah.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Well, we have access to a driveway here, or will it be street parking?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Mm-hmm that'll be driveway.
Therese Ablang: Okay, perfect. Okay, and.
Therese Ablang: And do you want this to be the first, the first pickup. Is that right?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, I think that would work better as the first pickup. So that gives me a little more time too as well that working.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: That.
Therese Ablang: And any special considerations from the house that we're loading anything that might be a little heavy or larger frat?
Sophia Cabaza AB: No.
Sophia Cabaza AB: No, he just has the desk like, it's like one of those like kia desk. So it's like an eight foot long desk but it's just the desktop so I don't think anything is like super larger heavy or hard to move from that first location, the second location is a different story.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: I wish I lived as much of a compact life as he did or does.
Therese Ablang: Alright, so yes, ma'am. What about from the apartment? Any, anything heavy or large or fragile?
Sophia Cabaza AB: So, I have a sowing cabinet, and it has like, part of it folds out and then opens up the sowing cabinet is pretty heavy and then I have a six draw dresser that is also pretty heavy and one of the drawers on it is broken. So it'd have to be like plastic wraps but it doesn't swing open down the hallway. I also have an L, cedar sofa but it comes apart into, and we moved that up here, so it wasn't terrible, there's two small dining room table like, 24 seaters, there's 11 in desk.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Therese Ablang: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: And then I have this like antique kind of like washboard thing. But it comes apart in like separate pieces. So I could show the movers that day how that works. But that's also not too heavy. So I guess, really the only two super heavy things or the dresser and then the sewing desk.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: A and typically for a two bedroom apartment, we would usually see about Fi 25 to 35 boxes. Do you feel like you fall within that standard?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Of stuff. I feel like, yeah, I feel like I've fall to that standard range, I might have less, hoping for less.
Therese Ablang: Re. Okay mm-hmm alright perfect and then we're moving every I'm sorry.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Just lab.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Yeah, I don't have a lot of boxes. It's just gonna be a lot of furniture.
Therese Ablang: Okay, got, and so with regards to the destination it is at 2140. West Mist Avenue and that's 78201, it's a one story house and it is a 1400 square foot house or will we have access to a driveway here or will it be.
Sophia Cabaza AB: So that's where the move gets a little more complicated there's a drainage ditch in front of it so the street like they're very narrow and it is a Two-way Street. Often times there's people parked on the street so I do have a driveway but I do think it might be challenging just depending on how much you know, how many people are parked in the street that day it might be challenging to get into the driveway but there is a long enough driveway like, for the movers to park.
Therese Ablang: Uh-huh.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Sophia Cabaza AB: It's just gonna be a heck of the back end.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha. Okay, let me see, see here.
Therese Ablang: Alright, so what I will be doing is, I see that the estimate was at four hours and fifteen minutes, minutes with two movers and a truck which is typical for a two bedroom apartment move cause typically a two bedroom apartment usually takes two movers, anywhere between three and a half to five and a half hours to move in your case since you're moving out of a second floor with stairs, into a one story and since there is about a twenty to thirty minute drive between all the locations and since you're also starting for that picking up some items from a garage.
Therese Ablang: At that first location I probably reserve, just reserve 65 to six hours for this move just to be on the safe side. But as you know, we're time based, there are no additional fees of any type. And so essentially you would only pay for the time use on the move in fifteen minute increments after the two and a half hours is reached.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, and also we handle any disassemble and reassembly that you require. And we also wrap and pad all the furniture items to make sure everything is there before we move them. So we'll be able to handle that. Did you have any questions about our pricing or the moving process in general?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Cool.
Sophia Cabaza AB: I guess could you repeat it one more time the connection was a little bit Dodgy but, so you said your time based, so you're estimating five to six hours go, like, let's say, refinishing three, would I only be charged for three?
Therese Ablang: Yes.
Therese Ablang: Yes, ma'am. That's correct. That's exactly right.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay. And then beyond the 5:00 to six hours, did you say twenty minute increments?
Therese Ablang: Fifteen minute increment beyond the two and a half hour minimum.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay honestly, when I moved from my last apartment to this one, I wanna say about two hours granted that was a block and I had less stuff. But I, I'm hoping, I have, I drive a truck so I'll probably end up packing up a lot of the small things and then I just really out for the big so but I don't want to carry down the stairs. So, I, it should be good.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Mm-hmm.
Therese Ablang: Okay, gotcha.
Therese Ablang: Yes. Okay. Alright, well, yeah, definitely. We do not have any hidden charges or fees and our movers don't also stretch the time. So you will only be paying for the time that our movers actually work and we will of course, also be reaching out a few days before the actual move. We will be sending a meter mover email, so that who is showing up at your door on the day. And we'll also be conducting a courtesy call the day before just to check-in and make sure that we're all set. And of course, in the meantime, if you do come up with any questions or any concerns or if anything changes with regards to the move or the move date, then please don't hesitate to reach back out to us, okay?
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay.
Sophia Cabaza AB: Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Therese Ablang: Of course. Thank you so much for your time as well. You have a good.
Therese Ablang: Day bye-bye.
Sophia Cabaza AB: You too, bye.
